Ca n’t hear it 
I ca n't hear it 
Ca n’t hear it 
Can you hear it ? 
Same here , I could only hear [ QQ instant messenger | QQ ] notification sounds 
It was audible the other day 
Test your voice chat 
The headphones ’ red wire is about to break . It might be okay if I change to a new one 
Do you have a new one ? 
Do n't you have =speakers ? 
Are your speakers turned on ? 
Or switch the jack 
Is it all right now ? 
hi 
Ca n’t hear it 
You still ca n’t hear it ? ? 
Ca n’t hear it 
How about you restart that computer , and make =it remember the password ? 
Wait a moment 
Can you hear me speak ? 
=Ca n't hear 
I 'll restart it 
Okay 
Can you hear me now ? 
Still ca n't hear me ? 
Ca n't hear you , can you hear me ? 
Ca n’t hear you either 
What 's the matter ? 
This is killing me 
It was still audible the other day 
Was it plugged in wrongly ? 
I 'll try again 
Okay 
I can hear music very well , it 's unlikely to be plugged in wrongly [ emoticon ] 
What 's the matter then ? 
Switch to a different [ QQ instant messenger | qq ] number and give it a try 
Do you have it ? 
I 'll log into mine and see 
Okay . What 's the number ? 
Answer , [ Water Town | Shuixiang ] 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
Is the laptop you recommended to me an 11 inch and very small ? 
I 've taken a look and found there are 11 inch ones and the price starts from $ 799 ; the price for 15 inches starts from $ 1199 ; the price for 17 inches starts from $ 1799 . Prices vary based on different configurations 
It seems that they are cheaper in the U.S. 
That should be the case 
Is $ 1799 the only one that 's the best ? 
No , the price starts from $ 1799 . The price is different for different configurations 
If it costs (( $ 3000 )) , it should be a little more than (( 20,000 in RMB )) 
Yes 
If laptop is cheap , then buy it 
How much does it cost in China ? 
20,000 RMB or so 
That 's not quite good 
Are you referring to the brand with the logo of something like Ultraman ? 
ET ... 
Yes 
Like this ? 
Yes ... 
Oh .
Just like that 
It is Dell 
Yeah 
Alienware was acquired by them 
Oh 
Hehe , I guess we are paying for appearance 
Not just that 
The quality is very good 
Well , is grandma still in Shanghai ? 
Yes 
She must be ... 
Then let me call her 
Yes .
Please help me see what the price is for the best configuration for this computer 
What size ? 
The bigger one 
17 inches ? It 's pretty heavy 
... 
It will be cool ... 
The highest configuration for 17 inches is $ 5520 USD 
Then it is nearly 40,000 RMB .
Let me take a look at the price in China 
looks like it is almost the same ... 
My god .
Oh , it seems that the price is pretty much the same 
Then buy it in China . It 's not convenient to service it if you buy it in the U.S. , and the operating system is in English 
Also it seems that the price is a little bit cheaper in China .
Really ? 
The 20,000 RMB configuration is enough for me .
Less than 30,000 RMB ... 
Near 30,000 RMB 
Then it is cheaper than here . The best configuration costs nearly 40,000 RMB 
$ 5,520 USD 
But it is really a very high configuration 
What 's the processor of the U.S. laptop ? 
The Chinese one has this processor 
Wait a moment 
....... 
It seem there is no big difference . Both of them are 2.0 GHz 
They are the same 
There is some difference ... 
The U.S. configuration is better ... 
Yes , a little better 
There is nothing better in China ? 
I7 is the latest one .
Oh , I do not understand this quite well 
There is , but it should cost more than 40,000 RMB .
Maybe there is no better one for laptop 
Yes 
Then you can just buy a desktop . Laptop is much slower than desktop 
And it is small 
It 's only 17 inches 
Okay , that 's good 
It is also pretty good to buy a desktop at 30,000 RMB .
Then buy sort of a mediocre laptop .
It is not worthwhile to buy a laptop at 40,000 RMB 
Your laptop is broken ? 
Broken ... 
The display is broken 
You have n't had it for long , have you ? 
Has the warranty expired ? 
The display does not work .
Seems like 3 years 
Maybe 4 years 
I started using it from 2006 
Oh , then it almost expires 
I plan to repair it . If it costs too much , then I will buy a new one 
Oh , the display is easy to repair . Just replace it 
You got up quite early today 
I am watching the World Cup 
I 've not adapted to the time difference 
I have been watching it since the beginning 
Hehe , in which country does it take place ? 
I did not even pay attention to it 
South Africa .
Before dawn today 
Oh , Hehe , all you men love World Cup 
Germany defeats Australia 4 : 0 
Hehe , Germans are still stronger 
How much is the most expensive desktop in U.S. ? 
Elder sister .
Let me compare 
Let me see .
Let me see if I can talk with them about the price ... 
Haha 
$ 11,346 
More than 70,000 RMB 
This is the configuration 
Americans are indeed rich ... 
That 's too high - end ... 
I do not need it .
Yes , but the average people will not buy such a high - end one 
There is nothing as expensive as this in China 
It seems China lags behind too much 
Yes , I guess it is for use by ET 
The configuration is surprisingly high 
However , if you want to buy a desktop , I guess the configuration in China is adequate 
When you have time to come to U.S. you will know 
U.S. is still superior in terms of high tech 
A 20,000 - something one is enough 
I bought one myself a while ago 
Yes 
Is the configuration good ? 
It just costs 30,000 RMB together with the display 
That is really good 
This is the processor 
Processor , video card and RAM are what matters for a computer 
Oh , that is not bad 
You said i7 was the latest , correct ? 
Yes , it is the latest 
That is not bad 
Laptop does not have this .
Oh 
Only desktop has it .
Only that a laptop costs more .
Desktop has relatively higher cost performance 
But the processor of laptops is different from that of a so - called desktop 
But there are quad - core processors in U.S. 
Then buy a desktop . Why use a laptop with such a high configuration ? 
There are only fake quad - core processors in China 
Yes , but I can not bring a desktop back home 
There is no way to do so 
Just like I can not bring a car back 
The desktop is too heavy 
There is no way ... 
Haha 
It costs 30,000 RMB or so along with the display 
So expensive 
Do other brands have such a good configuration ? 
No ... 
Some have 
They also costs more than 20,000 RMB ... 
But the quality is totally different 
Hehe , that is because your requirement is higher 
hehe , yes , those with high configurations we should better shun 
I did not use the best processor ... 
I used the best video card .
Oh , yes , you will need to use a good video card for video games . I need to log off and go to bed . Leave me a message if you want 
Bye bye 
Okay .
Hello , are there any promotional events for wedding photographs recently ? 
Hello 
I 'm [ Shanghai Style Blooming Flowers Bridal Wear | Haipai Hunsha Zhengyan ] 
We are now having a year - end final major special promotion 
[ Expression ] Old =Ye , have you returned ? 
[ Expression ] Yes yes 
Did you directly take the subway to return ? 
Your little brother still has n't returned oh 
No , I departed from your school and returned 
That ca n't be right . . .
You there 
Has my child returned or not 
? ? 
He 's returned , he 's talking on the phone 
Oh oh ~~~ ha ha , really scarred me there 
Are n't you going to bed 
I 've gone to bed ~ was just playing aeroplane chess so I did n't reply to you . Ha ha 
[ Expression ] Aeroplane =chess again 
However this time I lost 
Zhiming , you there ? 
May I ask if Yafu looked up his tuition ? 
I 'm here 
I do n't know , I did n't ask him 
Can you ask him 
Yeah 
We want to find out about this , so it will also be easier to look it up when we go to the administrative building on Monday 
Yafu said when looking it up on that network he saw that it was already released 
OK , thanks 
Zhiming ~ you have Yafu go online again and see if his tuition has been deducted or not . Thanks ~ 
He said that 1,000 was deduct for room and board fees 
Oh oh ~ so his tuition has still not been deducted ? 
It probably has n't I think 
OK .
You there ? 
I just want to ask , do you still have your books from the second semester of sophomore year senior sister ? Can you give them to me ? 
Which books ? 
Can I have everything [ expression ] 
Or do you want to take them over ? 
Oh , I should have them all . You pick a day to come to my dormitory to pick them up then 
[ expression ] Thank you senior sister 
Having a direct senior sister is really great 
I 'm not taking them over probably ~ even if I take them other dormitory mates could also give you them he he 
Do n't need to be courteous 
Just give me a call when you come over 
Yeah yeah 
How is it you changed your view , roaring that you 're leaving on the group ? 
Yeah ...... I was just taking the opportunity to say this , I do n't want everybody to think I did n't say anything before leaving when the time comes 
It 'd be like I had n't treated everybody like a friend 
Yeah yeah 
Are there still a few final things you need to do then ? 
Do you want to go anywhere to eat ? 
Yeah , the worst thing is I still need to finish testing for all my minor courses 
Or , where do you go to eat ? 
He he , anything is fine . Anything works for me . Recently I went to have Japanese sushi , hot pot buffet , Baidu barbecue and all that 
I 'm going to brush my teeth . You also go to bed early ~ 
Yeah yeah 
[ Expression ] Thanks 
A tragedy , I 've discovered that after finishing this semester I will only have 29 credits 
Next semester , High Level English 1 , English Composition 1 , the Art of Speaking , Vocabulary . . Added up together I have 10 credits 
Choose according to how I chose then , your tragedy is no tragedy 
However , you chose Composition 1 ... 
Question type , it is word dictation , multiple choice questions , spot dictation , question and answer questions .
What is spot dictation 
And how do you do question and answer questions ? 
Its just answering questions , after you listen to it , answer the question .. 
They are just subjective listening comprehension questions 
=What difference is there between spot dictation and word dictation 
spot dictation has that kind of level four or six listening comprehension compound expression dictation 
Word dictation is the kind from intensive reading , pure word dictation 
Compound type ? I do n't really understand ? 
Have you not tested level four or six 
It is that kind of dictation at the end of level four and six 
I have ...... I forgot 
That is sentence dictation , right 
That kind where there is an article , and then blank spaces , with dictated words , and there are also sentences 
Oh oh ~ I understand , THX 
I 'm not testing for educational studies 
Concentrating on testing for listening comprehension , 5 
... 
So what are you going to do about your educational studies 
Just rapidly write down something 
I 'll just not test it , at any rate they say there wo n't be a failed class record 
... 
Ha ha , because I have n't reviewed listening comprehension 
I have n't reviewed listening comprehension either 
You are good at it ~ I regularly have n't gone to class 
Are you planning to take the test without preparation ? 
Right 
This course , how can I review for it 
The teacher said they will test the U1 - U3's textbook listening comprehension 
That bit of listening comprehension is very simple 
[ Expression ] I have n't listen to it in a long time 
It is entirely stuff that middle school levels can understand 
.... 
I hear there is a question and answer session on composition principles tomorrow morning [ expression ] 
Yes , did your school committee send you notification ? 
It 's very important , you definitely have to go 
I heard it from Ma Liming 
We definitely have to go ? 
What if you have a class ? 
Your school committee still has n't sent a Fetion ? 
It would be best I =think , I recommend going over and listening 
Skip class then ...... half past 9 o'clcok to ten o'clock , just half an hour 
OK then .. 
The school committee should directly find people to notify us I think , just now he QQed me , but now he 's not there 
Also , do we have an assignment ? 
Yes , did n't I send a mass email previously 
[ picture ] How is it I only know now .. So when do we submit ? 
Eh , tomorrow I 'll ask the teacher what time we submit 
Hello , may I ask what 's up ? 
Where in the college do you have to report it ? 
Actually , I 'm not very clear myself , Office Head Luo of the Educational Affairs Office said to report it to your college 's supervisor , who seems to be the college vice president 
[ expression ] However , do you have to sign if you do n't have the documents and whatnot ? Directly discussing this with the college vice president probably would be useless .
Furthermore , the college vice president deals with academics , and is n't involved in this stuff at all .
Can you get a bit more clarification from that Office Head Luo ? 
I 'll get clarification and then talk to you 
Because tomorrow is Friday and the afternoon is right before vacation , so the college president may not be there 
Actually , I previously asked , he said to report it to your college , he himself did n't know who in our college deals with this 
Jesus , even this is OK . Let 's still wait until confirming tomorrow before I report it up then . Did he say if we had to report before a certain date ? 
January 4th I think 
Oh , vacation for New Year 's Day is until the 3rd , so that is still quite urgent 
Actually , I have never =known who to go to to report this 
He he , then I 'll also ask the Normal College this tomorrow 
Are n't you there ? 
I 'm here 
It 's me who gave it . How can her level be so high ? 
You can keep those names - they will be used 
Heh heh 
Ha ha , okay okay . This name is kind of like names in Hong Kong and Taiwan 
Heh , heh . It 's okay 
Song does n't believe me . He complained that the names I made are not distinguished , and said that he has to give the name 
But the name is not used often here . She does n't know this name well 
Heh heh , since he thinks this way , let 's see how distinguished the name which he will give is 
You are able to chat during work 
Yeah , that 's right - it just has the function of a symbol . I 'm not busy at this moment 
Oh 
Yeah 
And they are on QQ when they send files ... 
She is extremely cute now 
Heh heh 
Ha ha , pic~~ 
Is she naughty ? 
She is okay 
She is pretty oversensitive 
Wait for me to take a look at her , and see if she has changed while growing bigger 
Okay 
She is more and more like you ! 
Yeah 
Heh heh 
She 's still chubby 
Her cheeks are so chubby 
Yeah 
Haha , yeah 
Big cheeks 
The second photo ... 
Did you [ Photoshop | P ] it by yourself ? 
No 
It was taken behind a board 
Oh . That ’s pretty interesting . I saw she was so tall , but she turned out to have a small face~~ 
Yeah . How could I have such good [ Photoshop | ps ] skills ? 
She 's standing so solidly 
Is her hair curly ? 
There is a Please Touch Museum here , where everything inside is for kids to play with . She likes it very much , like a simulated supermarket , hospital , etc. 
A little bit of natural curliness 
Her grandma was holding her from behind 
How can she be so tall ? 
She has a face that makes people want to pinch 
She can walk 
It 's =just falls down sometimes 
Her nose is tiny 
Yeah , only her cheeks are big on her face 
Other things are not big 
Hahahaha~~ 
The eyes , nose and mouth are all tiny 
Their faces will become smaller when little girls grow older 
Heh heh , I hope so . I was just asking her if she wanted a little brother or sister , and she was shaking her head desperately 
Ha ha 
I do n't know if she really understands or pretends to understand 
Ha ha , she is still so little that she does n't understand yet~~ 
But I think you probably can wait till she is older 
Heh heh , she knows how to kiss now 
Otherwise how can you have time to take care of her 
Hee hee , I 'll =wait~~ 
Heh heh 
Yeah , that 's about right 
But you ca n't have two in China , so ... push ahead to have one if you 're planning to come back ! 
Song is very envious that you guys can have as many as you want . He does n't want to just have one 
Heh heh , let nature take its course 
Then is n't it okay if you give birth to several at one time ? 
Triplets 
Even many generations of my ancestors did n't have this gene 
Right , right 
By the way , Xu Wei gave birth to two boys 
Awesome 
Hee hee , I was about to report it to you ! 
Have you seen them ? 
I have n't seen them but heard about it 
It was said that you cut it 
Oh , she told me the other day 
qq 
How could such a tiny person give birth to two at one time ? Ha ha 
Probably the network was not good 
Yeah , I envy her so much ... 
You try hard . Since the number of times is limited , let the quantity be as many as possible 
Wow , she is awesome~ 
I 'm also afraid 
Eat some folic acid before you plan to have babies . You can start to eat now 
I 've seen many people say it 
It 's one kind of vitamin . It 's easy to have babies with nourishment 
Yeah 
Does that thing make it easier to be pregnant ? 
Yeah , I 've heard it promotes ovulation 
The chance to give multiple births is larger 
Buy some and try it 
Take care of it at one time 
Wow , she looks quite big in the photo where she was standing beside the piano~~ 
Have more babies 
Yeah , I 'll try my best … 
Heh heh , yeah , she knows how to act with affected manners . It was actually taken 2 months ago 
Are you planning to teach her art ? 
She scared away a 5 - year - old girl and occupied the piano . Ha ha 
Talent for performance ! Like her mother ! 
Her dad wants her to learn piano , while I think she should learn physical conditioning 
Ha ha , ~~ Good , you 're dignified ! 
To cultivate her temperament 
See which one she likes .
She ’s likely to be a female president . Ha ha 
They both cultivate the temperament 
Piano is quieter and physical conditioning is more active 
I 'll see then . Children learn a lot of things nowadays 
Yeah . She ’s should n’t study too many things . I think learning one thing well will benefit one 's whole life 
See what she is interested in . Now I 've found that she likes unique things more . She is not interested in baby dolls and so on . The dolls she likes are the very ugly kind . Ha ha 
[ Emotion ] Her tastes are special ... 
Is n't it because she sees foreigners too much ? 
Quite special 
I do n't know . Anyway they are n't the normal interests of girls 
Yeah 
Her eyebrows are very good and do n't need to be plucked 
The shape is very good and there is no extra hair 
Right , the shape of the eyebrows are good 
Little Tiantian ’s excellent genes 
It 's mainly because I 'm good at giving birth to good babies , ha ha 
[ Emoticon ] Good , bearing and rearing better children~~~ 
I 've been always worried about that if I give birth to a girl , her face would be as big as Song 's 
Heh heh . Let 's see when she grows up . Her appearance is not finalized yet now 
Ha ha , your face is also ... 
You can see an early form now~~ 
Huh huh huh , what about me ? 
Do you think yours is small ? 
I 'm quite normal 
It wo n't be small if she is like you 
And mine is a gene mutation~~ 
Ha ha 
I hope she wo n't be like your mutated part 
Neither my dad 's nor my mom 's is big 
Heh heh , who has the final say for this ? 
You can only wait and see , then 
[ Emoticon ] Wish her ... good luck ! 
Do n't think that much . The more you worry about it , the more it will come true 
It does n't matter if it 's a boy 
You do n't need to worry about your girl 's appearance now 
Has Little Song settled down in Shanghai ? 
Yeah , he found one in Shanghai after he quit 
Did n't you say that he would have some changes ? 
Oh , it 's quite good . You both have courage – quit when you want to quit 
No. we have no choice . In China , so many people who live in separate places break up 
Not just in China . It 's even easier abroad . You do n't how messy it is 
We mainly were thinking that we were moving to Shanghai within a period of time , so we 'd better come sooner than later 
Relationships are complicated 
Oh , have they got used to it ? 
We 're still young after all~~~ 
In any rate they get together no matter whether they are in a relationship or not . It 's even easier to break up 
It 's very common 
Gosh , their view of marriage and relationship is too free~~Is n't it ? Is n't it painful for them to break up ? 
There are many people who help each other here without telling their spouse in China , and drop an acquaintance after they go back . There are all kinds of weird relationships . It 's messier than in China 
If my mom =knew that you play with computers at work , she 'll report that you are not concentrating on working 
Ha ha 
Tell your manager 
By the way , I have n't asked what kind of job you are doing now 
: ) I 'm lingering on here because I saw you . Normally , I seldom chat~ 
Oh , my face is still the biggest 
I 'm still at that power company 
Yeah , you 're right~~~~ 
Oh , how about your Old Song ? 
I 'm wrong , it 's Little Song 
He is at a chip agency , but that company was recently purchased by a US company 
Oh , he might have chance to go to the US 
Heh heh 
Yeah , I 'm not sure what his new company 's direction is 
Are n't you going to bed , Child ’s Mom ? 
Yeah , is n't it that your face is n't small either ? 
Yeah~~~ 
I 'm about to go to bed . Chat with you some other time . The kid went to bed long ago 
Go to sleep . Okay ! 
I have to go to work tomorrow 
I 'm going to bed . Bye bye 
[ Emoticon ] Good night 
We have a project recently researching Chinese character handwriting . I suddenly thought of you 
Ha ha 
It 'll be great if you can write . $ 3.75 for a piece of paper with 225 characters 
Heh heh . My current company does research on all kinds of weird stuff 
A lot of stuff about Falun Gong ca n’t be heard in China . Ha ha 
Okay , I 'll stop talking and am going to bed . Talk to you some other time . You go ahead and do your stuff 
Did you change your workplace ? I thought you were still at the school . Can you send over the requirement for me to take a look ? I kind of do n't understand what you mean .
Are you looking for me ? 
I have been looking for you for a long time .
Almost a year .
You show up at last .
You are kidding 
Well .
My daughter has broken my computer recently 
Hoho , she has such capability , gorgeous .
Did she do it with a hammer or a wrench ? 
Yes , she has good destructive power 
With only a finger of hers 
Be careful , make sure she is not listed as a terrorist by the U.S. 
Yes 
Recently , there have been a lot of heavy snowfalls here 
Are you coming back for the New Year ? 
It 's cold 
I will not be back 
It 's only cold back home , but it does not snow 
I do not have enough time to go back home so frequently 
There are so many people who are missing you . If you are not coming back , how will they feel ? 
What keeps you so busy ? You are working so hard . It will not affect your earnings much to come back home for a while . How much do you think is enough ? 
Hehe , if I go home so frequently , how can others miss me ? 
You are right . It makes much sense .
I need to keep a sense of mystery around myself 
Nowadays everyone is after money . No one has time to play such a game of mystery with you .
Hehe , it does not matter . They will play if they want to 
I am tired 
I changed flight at Tokyo when I came back this time and I noticed that the Japs are really fantastic 
Tell me more ? 
They are highly civilized 
Everything is in order 
You are right . Their success is closely related to the quality of the whole nation .
Packaging is exquisite 
I ca n't help buying two boxes of confection 
Well , have you seen any psychopath in Japan ? 
I just wandered around the airport and I am not lucky enough to see any psychopath 
It snows at your place . How do you go to work ? 
On foot or by bus 
It seems that you have a developed transit system there .
If it snows , I can not go to work 
It 's fairly good 
My home is far away 
I mean heavy snow .
Oh , there was a blizzard last January and I rested for several days 
You have been in the U.S. for such a long time . Have you ever skied ? 
We have not had heavy snow like that this year 
Heavy snow usually occurs around Christmas 
Blizzard , hoho , just like those disaster movies 
Yes , the snow is quite heavy 
The car can not even get started 
I have not skied yet 
Have a try when you have a chance .
Yes 
Let me do it when I am 30 years old . I will go to Disneyland in Orlando two years later 
Let me tell you something which I think is quite correct .
I think the spring is coming for the stock market .
Well 
You may ask your relatives to open an account for you and then you can try and work on it 
I want to learn stock speculation these days . I can use my extra earnings to speculate stocks 
You should do it over these few days . I think that the stock market has reached the bottom and it is time for people to buy in stocks 
One of my colleague just happens to have some experience in it 
You are referring to NASDAQ ? 
No. 
Yes , it is good to try and manage your finance in a diversified way .
Yes , that is just what I am thinking about 
Okay . I can not chat with you any longer as I have to go to bed . Tired 
Bye bye 
Zhi Zhangling are you there ? 
Here 
He is watching Ding Dang 
He 's really laughing over there 
I really do n't know what 's so funny 
My goodness 
My dormitory mate did n't come back to sleep tonight 
Oh ? 
Did she go to the boy 's dormitory ? 
I do n't know 
Does your dormitory have an entrance guard ? 
She 's back 
Oh oh 
No entrance guard 
So bothersome , I do n't want to review [ boo hoo hoo | 555 ] 
What did you have today 
We had spaghetti , free . It was provided by a person from church , every Tuesday there is free dinner 
It was quite good 
The best thing I 've had after being here for so long was tonight 's dinner 
Ha ha ha ~~ 
That 's good 
What classes do you regularly go to ? 
I have three computer classes , and then also an English requirement , and one accounting 
Oh oh 
Cousin , generally , do you calculate things being mailed from China to America by weight ? 
About how much per kilogram ? And how long will it take to arrive ? 
Right ... If its ordinary post office mail , Kengnei 100 - 200 / kg 
Approximately 2 weeks 
Express delivery is very expensive 
Oh , your baby is uncommonly cute and beautiful 
I probably need to add you as a friend before I can view it . Was n’t easy to find it , and I still had to apply for an account number before it worked . In the end , it still requires you to undergo authentication after you log on . Sigh ! [ The road to happiness is strewn with setbacks | Good things are rough going ] 
Your composition principles is 76 points 
[ expression ] Thanks 
How are you doing over there 
I 'm used to it I think ! How is the weather 
Doing quite well 
The weather is OK 
Unpredictable , it can be windy and start =snowing any moment 
Snowing 
And be without a cloud for miles another moment 
How about you ? You 're busy with school starting , right 
Do n't have a lot of classes this semester , he he 
Then you need to take care of yourself ha 
From what I heard from Zheng Xiong you only have 2 classes a week 
He he , no problem , I am quite accustom to it now 
I just miss Chinese food 
There 's nothing other than this 
Does the city where you are have a Chinatown or something like that 
It probably does I think 
I have not seen a Chinatown yet 
However , there is an Asian supermarket 
Last time we even were able to buy sesame paste , un-congealed tofu and isatis root there 
As well as crab sticks 
That is quite good 
Yeah , it is . However , it 's not very convenient because I do n't have a car , because it takes 30 minutes to drive there , it is not in this town of ours 
A few days ago I looked at the photo album on your space and did n't think you were lean 
Then try to buy a second - hand vehicle 
Ugh , it 'll take half a year to test for a driver 's license 
So I 'll just forget about it 
Are n't cars there quite cheap 
? 
?? 
Huh 
Second hand cars are generally 2,300 USD 
Are you working concurrently or something like that 
No , you have to have a social security number to work here 
I do n't have a SSN , and company 's are not willing to invite me 
And if you do n't have an offer of employment from a company , you can not get a SSN 
This is a permanent contradiction 
Then how do others do part time work 
That is n't so , is it 
So do you have a lot of classes 
Some have been going to school here several years 
It 's relatively easy for them to find jobs 
Previously , the school 's cafeteria needed some help , so they could give them employment offers , so they could go to the government and get SSNs 
However , now they have enough people , and are not making offers 
Our courses are a little busier than at South China Normal University 
About the same 
We are currently still pretty relaxed , he he 
Right 
Whenever I think about returning but still have to take tests I breakdown 
It 's nothing , do n't get too tangled up 
Hello 
Auntie 
Hello .
Have you already made the reservation ? 
The trip is yours 
Ok . Then is there a ticket number for me to query ? 
Have you made the reservation with my ID card or my passport ? 
Yes , I want to ask if you are certain that you are paying for the ticket today ? 
With your passport 
Yes 
Yes 
I will send you your passport information 
Ok 
Valid until March 18 , 2019 
Not May 
Oh 
When you have made the reservation , tell me the flight ticket information and how to query it . When I 've done querying , I will remit the payment to you 
Ok , no problem 
Give me a few minutes 
Ok 
Take your time , but make sure that the information is accurate 
Ok 
Departure from Beijing on June 9 
Returning on December 6 US time . You will arrive in Beijing at 14:35 on December 7 
Ok , very good 
BK4XST is the reservation number 
Where can I query it ? 
Continental Airlines website 
When the ticket comes out , you will send me the electronic ticket , right ? 
Yes 
I will process the ticket if everything is ok 
The seat 
You can choose it here 
Here is the seating map 
Which seat have you chosen for me ? 
I have not chosen it yet 
The white ones can be chosen 
26D 
Return trip 
26C 
Ok 
I 've chosen it 
Ok . After I make the payment , you will send me the electronic ticket , or something like that ? 
I will send you the electronic itinerary 
The ticket has not yet come out . Wait for a few minutes 
I can only receive the itinerary after I make the payment ? Or will you give it to me first ? 
I will probably wire the payment to you at lunch time . Since I do not have an online banking account , I can only wire the payment to you at a bank 
Ok . I will send you the itinerary . Please confirm that everything is correct . It is okay for you to wire the payment during lunch time 
Ok 
Here is the account number of my boss .
Ok 
Send it to me . After I have checked it , I will wire the money at noon . Thank you , girl 
You are welcome , auntie 
Ok 
Thank you 
Oh , right , I forget to ask if you need an invoice 
If you need it , please tell me your address so I can send it to you by courier 
If you do not need an invoice , then it does n't matter . You can ask me for it whenever you need it 
Ok , good 
When will you send me the email ? 
In 10 minutes 
Auntie , please wait for a moment . I will send you the itinerary within 10 minutes 
Ok 
It is ready 
Is this the ticket number ? 
Yes 
Are you going to send me the itinerary now ? 
Electronic itinerary 
Can I still choose the seat online ? 
I want to choose Row 33 
It seems you can not 
Row 33 should be economic class 
Oh 
Ok 
Row 33 will be ok 
Do you want to change it ? 
Yes , I want to change it 
You can change it on the website yourself . When doing so you can also confirm it 
Your ticket 
The status from a while back was Ticket Not Ready 
Do I change it with my ticket number ? 
You can see that the status is Ticket Ready now 
With your reservation number 
Or the reservation number ? 
Yes , still this one 
Ok , got it 
Thank you . I will wire the payment soon .
Ok 
Well , you may send me a short message or call me after wiring the payment . Thank you 
Ok , got it 
Ok 
I will leave a message for my mother - in - law , but if she does not send you a text message or call you , I think she will leave you a message on QQ anyway . I need to go to sleep . Thank you 
Well , ok 
Are you always online ? 
? 
Please confirm the ticket information 
Ok 
Yes , online almost 24 hours a day 
Ok , good 
Check the name and the trip 
Ok , no problem 
I got it . If I need to make any changes , should I contact you or the airline company ? 
Contact the airline company 
Ok 
Thanks 
Wish you a good day today 
If the airline company does not have a corresponding ticket , I will manage to get you one 
Thanks 
Ok , got it 
Bye bye 
Ok 
What are you busy with ? 
Nothing much 
Hoho 
What have you been doing ? 
Oh , that ’s still rather laidback 
I 'm not doing anything , playing around aimlessly 
Same here 
What about Haiyan ? 
Has she gone to work ? 
Just busy with random stuff outside 
Oh , look at what time it is now . What pressing business does she have ? 
Tidying things up , anyhow 
Haiyan is really a good wife and loving mother 
Haha , she ’s tidying up all the time 
Haha , women like to tidy up 
Yeah , me too , tidying up all the time 
Heh heh 
They all say that I have obsessive - compulsive disorder , haha 
Actually you just like cleanliness 
Yeah , that 's right 
You there ? 
Here 
Do you have mirror image files for win7 
Yes 
Can you send them to me 
Do you want activated ones 
Are they the flagship version or family version ? 
These are original versions 
Flagship 
Do you want activated ones ? 
I want activated ones 
.... 
I do n't have them here 
You first install them then 
Can you go on - line to find an activation code and whatnot ? 
I ca n't 
If I do n't activate it I ca n't use it 
I am not installing it today , probably tomorrow or the day after tomorrow 
You can use it , first just do n't activate it , you can use it for 30 days 
After I help Pang Jie finish reinstalling , I 'll bring back the mobile hard drive which has it 
It 's not me that wants to install it , I am helping another install it 
What time will you bring back the mobile hard drive ? 
In a bit 
Pang Jie 's computer also has to be reinstalled ? 
Yes 
I 'll use it tomorrow night 
Activation tool 
Run using administrator authority 
That is after you extract the mirror image 
And then use loader ? 
Only use loader after you install the system 
Loader is used to activate it 
After that mirror image is extracted , then can you select it if you use an autorun or setup ? 
It 's also OK to extract these on the D drive I think 
This .. 
Hard drive installation is fairly problematic 
Do n't you want a virtual drive then 
I ca n't install the virtual drive either 
What should we do then ? 
What system is it installed on 
I do n't know 
What are the differences ? 
If XP then it 's fine if you just copy it 
If above that then you have to use an administrator account to log in and copy it 
What about win7 
Generally when you go in it 's an administrator account I think 
Generally it is 
If it really does n't work then just use administrator 
Then also copy win7 ? 
The same 
What do you mean by use administrator 
User name 
I do n't understand . I think generally you do n't set up a guest account 
However , user accounts are also different 
Generally I do n't have problems 
Do you have time after ten o'clock tomorrow ? 
If I ca n't figure it out I 'll call you 
Yeah 
It 'll be fine if you just extract it 
Extract it on the C drive ? 
The D drive 
Oh oh , I was wrong 
Are there specifications on which drive to install the loder 
It 'll be fine if you double click the exe document I think 
No 
Right key , run it using the administrator method 
O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O thanks 
Are there any specifications on how large his D drive needs to be ? 
The internet says 25G 
The D drive does n't matter 
C ? 
Yeah 
Does this C drive have to have 25G ? 
Ideally 
[ picture ] If he does n't have 25G then I 'll install XP for him ...... 
. Yeah 
=But I do n't have an mirror image of XP ...... 
If it 's too small then it wo n't work 
.. I do n't either 
You there ? 
I suddenly thought of a problem , that is the guy who had me reinstall his computer said there was a virus on his computer , so if I plugged in my flash drive would n't I be doomed ? 
I saw it .
I saw your response .
Baby , can you see it ? 
I can see it .
OK 
I could n’t see what you sent just now 
What was it ? 
I saw it . I saw your response .
Thanks . Work hard on your things . I want to make a call home .
=Yeah , OK 
Why do you =want to call home in the middle of the week ? 
Are you homesick ? 
=Yeah . I just want to talk with my family .
=Yeah 
Keep it up , baby 
Tomorrow morning , I ’ll get up earlier to talk with you 
Sisi ~ recommending a good book to you " Jinnian 's Fateful Love Intoxicates Liusu , " in the ancient language time travel style . I think it 's quite suitable for you .
oye 
I 'll go take a look 
It is really quite good ~~~ 
Highly recommended 
ok 
Have you read " If You Do n't Go Into Hell Who Will Go Into Hell " or not 
I remember I seem to have read it 
What are the male and female leads called 
Zhongyuan , Muer 
Read it 
That female lead was still bald when it began 
Right 
Ha ha ha 
That was really funny 
It is another innocent girl and evil man 
The female lead is actually quite smart 
I 'm going to Kaifeng University 
=Damn 
Why are you not on leave either ? 
I am at home 
Are you working overtime ? 
You get up so early at home 
I am on duty today 
I will be off duty tomorrow 
Hehe 
I ca n't sleep 
I went to sleep at 1:00 last night 
What happened ? 
I went to Suzhou and I came back at night 
Oh , you went for vacation ? 
For only two days 
Hehe 
Did your company organized it ? 
The marketing department organized it 
Oh 
How is the stock recently ? 
Still the same 
Hehe , how is it ? 
I let the bull stock 002180 go [ Emoticon ] 
There are still many bull stocks 
I am still keeping 00970 
My 002180 was let go at a good loss 
As soon as I let it go , the price started to surge 
The banker is after you . How can you forget that ? 
Are you still in the premium group ? 
I left it long ago 
How is it now ? 
They broke off long ago 
Alas 
Lack of solidarity 
All people are alike : as long as money and interest are concerned , even good friends become foes 
That is not good 
That 's just the ugly Chinese people 
Hehe , now you choose stocks yourself ? 
Yes 
I choose stocks myself , and it 's all right 
Sounds good 
I choose stocks myself while at the same time following others 
At the beginning , I choose the stock 002180 myself . However , many people told me that the stock was not good , so I let it go after I [ stuck with it | raised it ] 
Are you doing well following them ? 
I 'm just ready to start off 
I think they are okay 
Oh 
They are pretty skilled 
They charge relatively low fees 
The stocks I choose myself prove pretty good too 
Well 
Let 's help each other in the future 
Okey 
I 've been learning from them all the time 
You are sick ? Take care , then . Remember how you were sickly before ? Pay attention to your meals .
I found out on arrival today that [ many | one big piece ] in our company have [ fallen ill | collapsed ] …… 
I persisted in coming to work yesterday . Other people did n't come in , so they did n't know . It turns out that , starting from last Friday , people had started to come down one by one 
The money has already been withdrawn from the teacher . I 'll let you know once it 's deposited .
OK , I got it .
By the way , are you still working now ? 
Did n’t you rest ? 
Are you there ? 
U.S. visa pass service 
Interview - free visa service 
Travelling and visiting relatives should use the same type of visa which is B2 
Can I go to CITIC bank in Jinan for this service ? 
Ask what to bring 
Just your photo 
I know all these . You only need to ask him if there is anything else you should bring 
The full ds160 form or only the confirmation page ? 
? 
Aside from the photo , passport and ds160 form , what else shall I bring ? 
Do I need to prepare other documents or materials ? 
Hold on 
And 
Wait for a moment 
Wait for a moment 
Two razors can be separated . Can the cosmetics be without the packaging boxes ? 
It ’s too big , you said it 
It ’s not big 
It 's closely related =to our lives 
Look , going to the market to buy oil 
Soybean oil is all genetically modified 
That 's what other people say . If others did n't say so , would n't we do just fine eating it as usual ? 
If food products are n't safe , when the media does n't announce it , would =anyone know ? 
[ The truth can not be concealed | Paper ca n’t =wrap fire ] 
The media also has left wing and right wing divisions 
Elder Brother is a senior investor now ? 
Starting to get busy now ? 
I got disconnected just now , just got connected 
Here ? I want to ask you , before when you were applying , for your transcript did you have both Chinese and English ? 
Was the English version transcript issued by the Guangdong University of Foreign Languages , or did you take the Chinese version and go to an outside agency for translation ? 
The school can help students do the translation 
My school issued Chinese and English versions 
South China Normal University does not seem to have English versions of their transcripts , when I went out to study abroad this time I translated everything myself and then affixed the institute 's seal 
=Just you =finished translating it yourself and then the institute affixed their seal 
Furthermore I also had an English minor , so I had two transcripts , one was from the foreign language institute , one was from computers 
Its fine as long as you have the original 
Yeah yeah 
I also wanted to say if it wo n't work then take the Chinese version to a Notary Public office and get it notarized 
There 's no need to do this and waste money 
Its fine if you translate it yourself , the Americans all believe it 
Furthermore the ADMISSION OFFICE of American Universities have many Chinese students that work PART - TIME there now 
And they can point out problems with the Chinese originals 
There is another problem that is , I suspended one computer class during my sophomore year ...... but I took it again 
The problem is that my present account has been frozen , and the record of my retaking it can not be updated to my account 
So at present for that one class my grades in the system are still those of before [ expression ] 
It is fine if you just explain it , this will not be a problem 
=how should I explain it ? 
Explain it on your transcript , say you will update it later 
That is just issue something like a certificate ? 
No need , just directly noting it on your transcript is fine , these are all small problems , 2011-07-03 12:04:13 lynette ok ~ that is good 
Have you started looking for a job of not ? 
No 
I just got back , let me first rest a bit 
Nursing and injury 
Right ~ how is your foot now ? 
[ Expression ] you are nursing an injury but still drove ...... 
I 'll see if I can take out the stitches or not tomorrow 
It is boring recovering at home all day 
Just watch movies or surf the net at home 
Weibo , Renren and whatnot 
Its still boring 
Then how can it not be boring 
Its so boring 
[ expression ] Ugh , although I can move , its very boring 
All day until evening besides looking at schools its still looking at the schools 
You do n't have classmates at the old town 
My classmates from before have still not gotten off 
Have you gotten the left stitches out ? 
Got them out 
Hello , are you there ? 
I 'd like to consult with you about something 
Our hospital 's external network =machines are connected through two ports 
The machines going through these two ports can not be PINGed through to each other nor can they connect . Machines under the same port can be PINGed = through and can also connect 
How should this be dealt with ? 
Relatively urgent application 
Do a " trust " to " trust " release 
How is that done ? I do n't know how ... 
What 's the use of this one with 1 as ID ? 
The platform 's trial period has expired , and we are preparing to invite bids , can you say what the equipment 's parameters are so that we can indicate them on the bid document ? 
Engineer Dong , are you there ? 
I would like to consult with you about something 
Our hospital 's external network =machines are connected through two ports 
The machines going through these two ports can not be PINGed through to each other nor can they connect 
Machines under the same port can be PINGed = through and can also connect 
How can this be dealt with ? 
Relatively urgent application 
Are you there ? 
What is the situation now ? 
The eastern wing of the hospital 's basically all goes out through port number two 
The western wing of the hospital 's all goes out through port number three 
If they do n't belong to one port they ca n't PING each other nor can they connect 
So , is there a problem with access right now ? 
Have you added a 12 - trust to 12 - trust permission policy ? 
Users under the two ports can all get online through their devices , right ? 
Getting online is not affected 
All normal 
It 's just that they ca n't access each other 
Can you get them to access each other now ? 
Yes , 
The devices ' addresses , usernames , and passwords 
The LED screen is in the eastern wing of the hospital , but the management terminal should be put over there at the China Construction Bank in future 
Usernames and passwords are still needed 
=I 'll take a look 
z1z2j3 p4k5 
The prompt says that the username or password is wrong 
What about the password zz3hospital ? 
This latter one is OK 
Oh , hehe , I have n't entered in such a long time that I do n't even remember =which one very clearly myself 
At any rate , there are just those few 
[ Picture ] Why is it blocked ? 
I do n't know 
I have n't entered in a long time 
What is this used for ? 
This policy permits two ports to access each other 
Oh 
Right now , I can actually PING through , but the ID in the policy belongs to 1 , which is still blocked 
I 'll give it a try , and see if I can debug it here 
It should be that it wo n't PING through and the policy is blocked , 
== I entered it wrong 
This is the external network address , right ? 
Uh , PING 'd wrong 
Uh , it did n't go =through 
It did n't go through 
Do I enable that policy now ? 
Without the policy , it definitely wo n't go through , 
It ca n't be enabled , 
Oh 
The device 's trial licesens has expired , 
Oh 
There is no way to alter the configuration , 
Contact our sales , 
Can that device 's parameters be sent over ? 
What parameters ? 
We 'll take a look and make a bidding document 
The device 's 
This device is over 5,000 yuan , and it must go through the process of seeking bids 
Hmm , OK , look for You Yongbo 
OK 
How to contact him ? 
Are you there ? Engineer Dong . Can you help me change that policy =first so that the social work department can try it to see if it can be used ? 
The application has already been sent up and will be approved soon . Will you come or will it be done through eWAY ? 
Engineer Dong , could you help me turn on that mutual access function ? We want to use it to debug the big screen here 
Hello , because the software 's trial period has already expired , I have no way of changing the configuration either now , this is the function to license the software , unless you apply for the trial use of LIC again , there is no way to change the configuration , 
Oh 
The application has already been submitted to the superiors , and a bid will be sought soon . Will you all come here or will you use eWAY ? 
It will depend on the sales department 's plans , 
Maybe eWAY 
Oh 
In the meantime , do not cut the power for the device under any circumstances 
Oh , there is a UPS 
If the power goes out , then just goes out . Only when the power goes out will the leaders ' approval be quicker 
Hehe , 
Ying 
So what should I do then 
I 'll go back and recharge it tomorrow morning , and contact you at noon 
What is your phone number ? 
I ca n't turn on my device 
It would be fine if you came over sometime after having lunch , I should be OK in the afternoon 
If I ca n't find you I 'll be waiting for you at the gate of China Normal 
OK 
However , are you sure you do n't need to review 
I reviewed in the morning and I 'll look over things again tonight and it 'll be fine 
[ Expression ] you are too great 
OK 
To see you , its worth it to do more hard work [ expression ] 
Guang Ming , you have time to get online today ? 
We have n't been in contact for a long time . I have been busy with decoration things .
Are you not here ? [ emoticon ] 
You do n't even go back to play in Jiangxi with your wife and daughter in the summer holidays ? 
Excuse me . I was not here just now . Are you still there ? 
Yes . There is still 20 minutes before I get off work .
You are still so busy even in holidays ? 
Oh . I went back once .
Yes 
I needed to compile a book 
Did you return your hometown ? 
It must be hot on your side there , too .
It 's hot 
I took someone else 's ride 
It has n't rained for more than ten days 
I just stayed at home for a day or two .
It 's hot everywhere .
I saw the entrance to Fengcheng on the highway .
Oh . I have also been busy with decoration , too 
Good . You must have been tired .
So you will be living in the new house afterwards ? 
The decoration for the house in Nanchang will soon be completed . I want my child to go to school there 
Oh . And you will commute by shuttle ? (( Oh , so you are going to run shuttle buses ? )) 
My family is moving before the end of next month 
Congratulations .
It 's impossible to commute by shuttle (( It is impossible to run shuttle bueses )) 
Thank you 
Look out for formaldehyde 
Never mind 
Generally , it had better be left unoccupied for half a year 
Have you ever been back to Jiujiang ? 
The decoration began from March 
Which side of Nanchang is it located ? 
It 's been ventilated over and over , and almost done . There is barely any smell now .
Yes . It 's hot weather .
In Liantang , not far =from Changnan Passenger Coach Station 
Lintang County ? 
I went back to Jiujiang during the New Year 
Yes , Nanchang County 
I attended the college entrance examination in Liantang No. 1 Middle School 
Liantang is under the governance of Nanchang County 
Is there still a train station in Xiangtang ? 
Oh , I 'm just planning to let my child go to Liantang No. 1 Middle School 
That is a good school . Go for it .
There is a train station Xiangtang , which is a large station .
It is farther from the original train station , right ? 
I am not clear about that 
I have n't been to Xiangtang for a long time 
I have n't been there for many years .
I have n't been back to Zhelin , either .
I have n't returned to Zhelin for several years ， either .
There should be a gathering in Zhelin .
I 'm just afraid that the things are still there , but people are no more the same ones .
Contact me next time when you come back . Let 's ask the classmates to hold a gathering in Zhelin .
It is without doubt that the things are still there , but people are no more the same ones . It is just good to go there for reminiscence .
That =sounds good . When the Daqing – Guangzhou Expressway is completed and open , it will be very convenient for me to go there .
Yes 
It is also very convenient now 
Do you know the conditions of some of our teachers in those years ? 
No 
I have n't been in contact with any of the classmates . I left Zhelin early that most classmates do not recognize me now .
Oh 
Perhaps there are still a few people whose seats were close to mine in those years knowing about me , such as Wang Qingxia and Cui Hong .
Right ? We will know when we meet .
Can you use video calls there ? 
I have chatted with them in the group , but I do n't recognize any of them . It 's been decades .
Ho ho . You have to chat often . Send some more photos .
I ca n't . Our leader has terminated the network . I get online through a proxy now .
The network of all production departments has been terminated 
Oh .
Is it time to get off work ? 
It was a leader just now 
I have something to deal with . It 's also about time to get off work . Let 's chat next time .
OK .
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
Engineer Dong , are you there ? eWAY said the authorizations have already been released , said they have already gotten in touch with you , can you see what time you can open the platform for us ? While you are at it , turn on the mutual access of ports , would you ? 
Are you there ? 
Try it , it should now be mutually accessible 
Is Engineer Dong there ? The platform can already be used , but right now it is still not possible to ping different ports 
The policy has already been opened , I 'll look at the policy again when I am able to get online in a minute 
Uh , =OK 
Are you there , Engineer Dong ? It 's still not possible to have mutual access 
I 'm here , 
What is the address of your internal network ? 
The policy has been opened , 
It is on target , 
why wo n't the test go through ? 
If I PING under port 2 , it will go through 
Does this machine allow PING ? 
It does n't work under 3 
It is a big screen , and can directly ping 
Try again , 
I can not PING through from the device 
Alright 
It still does n't work 
I also can not PING through from the device 
Where we are , from the second floor computer room 's port number 2 , we can PING through … 
Can you PING through on the same switch ? 
It does not seem to have reached the firewall 
Can the big screen PING through the gateway ? 
The big screen is just a card 
It is under the same switch 
This over here comes out of the device , and is directly connected by fiber optic cable 
Over there , it comes =out of port number 2 , and is separated after being connected with a switch 
Is it possible to PING through each other between different PC machines , across switches ? 
It seems like it can go through 
This is the health division 's machine , it belongs to port number 2 
I 'll look =again at the big screen 
There 's no problem with the policy , 
it seems like it 's over there with the big screen 
Uh-huh , =OK , Engineer Dong , I 'll check again 
Hmm , if there 's a problem , I will consult you =again , and first I 'll go look at the equipment 
Engineer Zhang , is the big screen 's issue resolved ? 
Have you found the cause ? 
Maybe the electrical switch inside has been tripped , we 're looking for the repair person right now , and see =how it can be resolved 
Engineer Dong , it still does n't work 
Right now , it 's still that way , you can ping through in the computer room , but in the west wing of the hospital it does n't work 
Can you PING through the gateway ? 
Yes 
Including the big screen ? 
Computers on the same switch as the big screen can PING through to the big screen and can PING through to other switches ' computers as well , right ? 
Yes , they can 
Is the big screen a computer ? 
No , it 's not a machine , just a thing similar to an Internet card 
It can match an IP address , but it does n't have a MAC address 
Have you connected a notebook computer to the screen 's Internet cable and set up an IP address to substitute for the big screen ? 
Could you see if computers on other switches can access it ? 
Use a notebook computer to substitute for the big screen 
Later , I 'll go have a try 
Just replace it with the notebook computer and that will be enough 
It does n't matter if you replace the big screen or not , they 're all under the same switch 
It is necessary to test it , and see if it is a policy problem , can other computers access each other through the different ports of different switches and firewalls ? 
There 's just one switch in the computer room 
The remainder is directly connected by fiber optic cable to the third floor of the hospital 's western wing 
So , can PCs going through the ports of different firewalls access each other ? 
In the past , they could n't access 
After you 've added the policy , you can use them 
In the morning , I ping'ed a machine under port 2 from under port 3 
and could ping through 
Then maybe it 's the big screen 's issue , 
My thought is to switch the big screen with a computer , test it , and confirm where the problem is coming from 
Right now , the policy for the firewall 's connection to the internal network is completely open 
There are no restrictions =between the internal network 's connections , 
and the ARP table =also does n't have any 
also does n't have any 
If it does not work to achieve this , look for the agent to resolve the problem on the spot 
Great grandma , are you there ? 
I 'm here 
Have you eaten ? 
I am watching TV 
I have eaten 
=How about my great grandpa ? 
He went for a walk 
Did you buy =him medicine ? 
I bought 
I have eaten 
=Oh 
I am going to watch TV 
You are so kind 
It 's just okay 
I mean you are so kind to my great grandpa 
Yes 
That 's my pleasure 
Yes 
I must learn from you in future 
You are already very good 
Hey , great grandma , please do n't say so 
It is true 
I feel really comfortable talking to you 
All I said is true 
Your granddaughter is an uneducated person 
Please give me more advice in future 
What you said is all realistic , but your family has many chores , which are not easy to tackle .
Yes . We ca n't do anything about that 
I can put forward my views , and you can deal with it according to the situation .
OK 
The more people , the more ideas 
Yes 
Just let me know when there is something in future 
OK . I just have n't adjusted myself well enough now 
Take your time , 
I have shut myself off for 5 years 
People have to learn to put down 
Do n't blame me 
I do n't blame you 
It 's not too late to know now 
I really thought that you had gone to Shanghai 
Damned liar Zhuang Guoqiang 
The blame should not be on him alone 
Yes 
This is fate 
I know that I made the mistake 
When it is time that you take some detours , there is no way you can avoid them 
Fate plays =tricks on people 
It does 
This has something to do with the environment I grew up in 
Yes . Do not regret things in the past . We must look forward .
There is a longer way ahead 
OK . I will listen to you 
Yes 
You must live a good life 
=Oh 
Let 's discuss with each other whenever there is anything in Linyi in future 
Life is more important than anything else . The body is 1 , and performance is 0 . 100 minus 1 is 0 
This is best 
=Oh 
After all , I have seen much more 
Yes 
=Sometimes , it is also a relief to talk to someone 
It can also reduce stress 
Yes . You are the only one I talk to for so many years 
We have to gather often . It is good even if we are just having a small talk 
Yes . We should talk often .
To tell the truth , I have never been bullied at all in your third grandson 's home .
He is very good . You should be content 
I only feel wronged in the wife 's parent 's family 
That is not a big deal 
You do n't go there often 
Ha ha ... 
When you get along well , you go there more often ; when you do n't get along well , you go there less often .
I used to go there when I have even the slightest bit of time 
Just go your own way , no matter what they say 
I know that everything can wait except the =filial duty 
I will not mind . I am just in a fit of pique 
You have already been very filial 
I am not doing well enough in some aspects 
Just do n't take it personally no matter what they say to you 
Do not be angry . That is my only advice for you 
Yes . I do not take it personally 
Just let it in one ear and out the other 
Learn to digest 
After I talked to you , I just feel that there is someone in the wife 's parent 's family that can understand me 
Keep the good things , and forget the bad ones 
It is very face - saving to me in front of Wang Qinghua 
I think what you said is reasonable 
You 're an ambitious person , eager for other people 's praise for whatever you do .
Really , what I have said is completely true 
I have been keen to keep up appearances since I was young 
Do n't be this way anymore . Everyone is flawed , and no one is perfect 
Um , yes 
Do not take it so seriously , and you will be relaxed 
=Oh 
Well , let 's end the chatting here . Bye .
OK , good bye 
Sorry , I just got disconnected 
Did you go to New Oriental again ? 
Are you studying in Beijing ? 
I 've gone to New Oriental and Tiandao for consultation 
I 'm not from Beijing and not studying in Beijing either . Tiandao Edu opened a branch office in Guangzhou in April 
I 've gone to the New Oriental agency for consultation , but in the end I did n't go with them 
Oh~~ I 've also consulted with Tiandao 
Those few counselors at that time were just so - so 
EIC is not bad either . You can check the one there where you are 
Their attitude is n't good 
New Oriental is alright too 
I 've gone 
Which company would you best settle on ? 
I ’m not clear on that . Because my classmate 's cousin is there at Tiandao Edu , their attitude is really quite good 
My classmate is at EIC 
I finally planned to go with EIC 
Oh ~· 
I 'm wrestling now whether or not to DIY 
You can usually apply to all the top 100 schools 
Yes , I 'm also planning to DIY now . I =have n't given money to them over at EIC … … 
I want to withdraw that one from New Oriental 
I originally paid 
Next week 
Withdrew 
I get the feeling they do n't have any experience over at New Oriental 
I might find another 
Their attitude is very good . I just do n't know if the company has just started up 
Why do you want to withdraw from New Oriental ? 
Yeah , the original counselor that wrote for me is gone 
Oh~ That 's how it is . You can go check out EIC . The one I went to was in Guangzhou . They gave me the sense that they are very professional 
Heh heh . This depends on luck . If the counselor that meets with you is good , then it 's very good . If the counselor is bad , then it 's another matter 
Plus , the people consulting and writing the documents are n't the same 
The one meeting with you does sales 
But you usually ca n't see the one who really writes things 
They write in the back , and do n't see customers 
When I went , the reception and clerical ones came together 
The clerical one was also the clerical team leader 
Oh . That 's very good 
=What 's your major ? 
I have to take the TOEFL in October 
So , I guess I have to look 
I 'm studying computers now , but I want to apply for English education 
Better go look then . Just regard it as a long - term investment . Going to a good school will have a return . Besides , in the worst case you can still go to the top one hundred throughout the United States 
Girls studying computers are amazing 
I want sociology 
[ emoticon ] I already ca n't take it now 
I especially admire those girls who study computers 
Mathematics too 
I think girls just study literature and history . Heh heh . The daring ones study computers 
Where are you going to school ? 
Heh heh … … It 's not that serious . Quite a lot of my female friends are studying science 
I 'm going to school in Guangzhou 
What about you ? 
Ah , Boniu is in Guangzhou too 
I 'm in Beijing 
Politics and Law 
( ⊙ o ⊙ ) Ah ! Good school 
So - so . It ’s just well - known 
Actually it 's just so - so 
Being well - known is always better than not .
It 's very late now . Go to bed early [ emoticon ] 
Okay . You too . We ’ll chat another day and interact more [ emoticon ] 
Okay . Good night [ emoticon ] 
=When are you taking the [ TOEFL | T ] ? 
I already took it in June 
Is great grandma there ? 
Yes 
Has my elder aunt given birth ? 
No 
Has my great grandpa 's diarrhea got better ? 
It should be halved . He is much better 
Oh 
That is quite good 
It is time to take the decoction ? 
Why has n't my elder aunt given birth yet ? 
Just take it 
=Oh , how to get it ? 
Hastened delivery will be used in due course in time 
Ask your grandson to take her pulse 
=Oh , when will it be ? 
Wo n't she use cesarean =section ? 
No 
At your and my great grandpa 's spare time 
=Oh , let 's contact via phone 
It is good not to use cesarean =section . Let nature takes its course 
Yes , 
OK . Let 's contact via phone 
Do you still drink ? 
I have to wait for another few days 
OK 
After your great grandpa finishes drinking , 
=Oh , OK 
Does my great grandpa feel comfortable after taking the drug ? 
You can buy a =headset , so you can use video faster 
Comfortable 
His head feels much more comfortable than before 
I have one , but it is broken . I will buy another set tomorrow 
Good 
Oh 
That 's good . I 'm relieved 
Do you have the video there ? 
Yes 
Do you have the headset as well ? 
I have both 
Alright . I will also go to buy one tomorrow , then 
OK 
It is convenient 
I am watching TV 
Schemes of a Beauty 
Do you chat with my older uncle there every day ? 
I searched for it on the Internet 
=Oh , is it good ? 
No , he is not often online 
Good 
Just killing time 
Oh 
You can take a look at it as well 
I searched for it on Baidu 
You have to contact them more frequently in the next few days 
Let me know when he says that the baby is born 
=Oh , it 's a TV series 
Oh , then you tell me , too 
Yes , it will pop out if you type the Schemes of a Beauty 
OK 
[ emoticon ] Oh , I will watch it 
Have a watch 
It is very worth watching 
OK 
Install the video headset tomorrow 
OK 
I watched . Be sure to chat tomorrow , otherwise I wo n't let you off 
OK 
Goodbye 
Goodbye 
[ Hong Hua | Red Flower ] , you have a new younger brother today , weighing 7 and a half jin .
Congratulations on having your grandson 
Thank you . He was born today .
Your eyes are very useful . You saw it immediately .
Yes 
Are you happy ? 
I 'm too happy 
I want to share the delight =with you 
How did you decide on your daughter 's leave or stay ? 
It has n't been decided yet 
Oh 
Was your grandson born today ? 
Yes 
Oh 
You must be very satisfied now 
Yes 
When will you go to see your grandson again ? 
I do n't know 
Did n't you go to the square for a walk ? 
I sat for a while in Dongfanghong Square 
I pushed the little grandson for a walk around the railway station square , sent him home , and then went to walk a big circle around the grand square 
=Oh , have you also been looking after the baby ? 
I have n't looked after him for more than ten days . My son is on =duty , and I ca n't look after it alone 
=Oh 
Your sister - in - law has just come back 
What did you do ? 
I went to see my grandson 
=Oh , you are so blessed .
You are more blessed 
Do you think so ? 
Yes 
You hardly realize that everything is just about =fate 
Do you believe in it ? 
What do you say ? 
A little , maybe 
It is real 
It 's time for rest , goodbye .
When will you hold a banquet ? 
Goodbye 
I wish you a nice dream , [ bye bye | 88 ] 
Are you online ? 
I am 
When are we going to attend your wedding banquet ? 
I do n't plan on having one 
We should celebrate 
I 'm not going to celebrate 
This is such a major joyous occasion . You 're not entertaining people . Is it really ? 
Do n't leave Meng Fanlin and me out if you have one 
I 'm not having one 
It should normally be celebrated 
Still up ? 
Yes 
╮(╯▽╰)╭ Always sleeping so late 
Actually , it 's just tonight 
How was the trip to Hainan ? 
OK , it 's just I got sunburned 
OK , I see you are very busy , I 'll go to bed first , staying up all night is now very painful as I 'm older 
Another day when you have free - time we can have a good chat 
Sometimes I strangely think of you 
Yeah yeah ~ chat another day . Recently school has started , assignments all over the place , do n't have any time to prepare for the GRE at all . Ugh ~ 
Do n't make jokes with your health when you 're older , do n't go to bed late ~ 
Child , you still have n't slept ? 
Is it that all student presidents are angels with folded wings ~ and wo n't rest at all their entire life 
Go to bed ~ I want to play games ~ 
[ expression ] I do n't seem to be that great 
[ expression ] No , you are very great ~ 
Go to bed early then , do n't stay up until you break 
Women age easily [ expression ] 
[ expression ] I did n't hear ~ yeah yeah , later on I definitely will have to watch myself 
Right , how is it you used [ you | ' you ' formal ] ...... 
Damn it , you are really respectful to the elderly [ expression ] 
Just finished having lunch 
Typed it in wrong , (*^ _ _ ^*) hee hee ...... 
Oh oh ~ did you take a nap at noon ? 
I 'll take a noon nap in a bit , just finished eating and am shopping online [ expression ] 
Ha ~ just when everybody finishes shopping I 'll go to sleep ~ 
I really =want to go to you there and play 
OK , =getting a tourist visa is not difficult 
Copy a deposit booklet with twenty thousand or thirty thousand at home and go get a visa , and then you can join a tourist group or free travel over here , both are fine 
Travelling here is very cheap 
Really ? 
I have n't gone travelling to any far off places , always wanted to go 
Yeah , when I returned to America in July I even went to Yellowstone once , it was quite spectacular ! A person definitely has to go there once in their life 
The entire national park is built on a volcano 
!!! I want to go ! 
If I have the opportunity I 'd really like to go travel once before graduating , ha ha 
No hurry , first establish your economic foundation and then decide your superstructure ~ 
Do your job well , do n't worry about not having time to travel . You see that Cuibiao went to intern at Tencent , did n't he also go to Hainan a while ago 
Yeah yeah ~ I do n't want to spend my family 's money to travel 
Unfortunately I did n't do any internship myself , and my major is n't that great 
Ugh , do n't worry , you still have time . Do what you like , and are interested in , and you 'll naturally have motivation 
Yeah yeah ~ I will definitely work hard ~ 
Senior sister , I 'm going to bed , good noon ~ 
Good night 
What are you doing ? Date : 2011-09-07 
Have you seen it , sister ? Date : 2012-02-09 
Child 
Yeah . Who do you despise ? 
I despise my classmate 
What happened ? 
We were drinking . He pretended to have stomach pains . Waited until the comrades all had a little buzz , then (( he became enthusiastic )) , should n't I despise him ? 
Are you there ? Date : 2011-09-11 
Haha 
Should n’t I severely hold him in contempt and not drink with him in the future ? 
Sister , check if they have this model number in the United States . Alienware M14x ( ALW14D - 218 ) . It 's sold for 15,000 RMB domestically 
=Yes 
It ’s a must 
Is there anything fun to do lately ? Date : 2011-09-04 
Pretty girl 
I ’m here 
Yeah 
Are you at home ? 
I ’ll give you a call 
I thought you were n't going to utter a sound . I 'm at home 
Okay 
Is your grandma there too ? 
Tell me your phone number 
Yeah 
Are you there ? 
Staying home during a vacation is very boring 
Haha , go out and play then 
Do n't know where to go . Wait till you come back and bring a computer . Are bally bags cheap in the United States ? 
I 'm going to buy a car next month 
No idea . I have n't seen a Bally store 
I 'll let you know after a while 
Okay . No problem . You wo n’t be coming back till next year , we are in no hurry 
I ’ll send you a few cooking websites another day . Date : 2011-09-09 
I ’m here 
Have n’t you slept ? Is today the 11th or 12th ? 
It ’s 11th for us 
National day of mourning 
Yes 
Heh heh . Two of my fingers got hurt 
Help me wish your father a happy birthday 
What did you do ? 
Hurt them in the gym 
There are so many models . How many inches and how big do you want it ? 
The 14 I7 
750G ? 
Right . The 3G video card supports 3D 
[ My God | Faint ] . How could you be so careless ? 
1,499 [ dollars | knives ] 
Heh heh , [ sudden failure through inattentiveness | the horse lost its front hooves ] 
Does it come with a mouse over there in the United States ? 
Haha 
It does n't 
Is it serious ? 
Less than ten thousand =dollars 
What are you doing ? It 's alright . I reckon one fingernail will fall off 
Dollars 
After tax ? 
Red backlight or blue ? 
I saw on the website that it 's red 
I have to look at some material before our class . I should be going to class tomorrow 
Good baby . Haha . Went to watch Captain America yesterday 
I guess there 's blue 
I ’m here now . Date : 2012-02-05 
Are you there ? Date : 2012-02-10 
Does it look good ? 
See if there are any with a blue backlight 
Black case , blue backlight 
Okay . I 'll take a look 
Thanks , sister . By the way please see how much the mouse customized for =it by Logitech costs as well 
Okay 
Thanks . I will treat you to a big meal when you come back . Date : 2012-02-06 
It 's alright ( Sent from Mobile QQ : http://mobile.qq.com/v/ ) Date : 2011-09-12 
Luo Yan , you there ? [ expression ] 
I want to ask you if you have the rankings of our class with you there , it would be best to have the past two and a half years or three years of overall rankings , I want to see how I rank in the class 
Oh , no problem , I already found it 
I just now got online 
I bought file boxes and trash cans for the office . The total payment was 110 , and I asked the boss to write an invoice for 130 . In the end , I actually only paid 105 . When I got back , the teacher gave me 135 , and another 5 as errand fee . Haha , that is interesting .
What do you do in the office ? 
I work in a graduate office as an assistant to the tutor 
There are only two people , me and the tutor 
I see 
You earned 30 
The tutor is a single man with doctor 's degree . His major is accounting and he is 32 years old . He works as a graduate mentor and associate professor 
Yes .
I see 
Is he your mentor ? 
No 
He is only a tutor who is responsible for administration work 
The mentor I found for myself is a vice president . His is very capable in scientific research and administration work , with many topics 
That 's great . Do you have any salary normally ? 
The new academic term has not started yet and everything has not settled at this moment . I replaced the previous senior student in advance because she quit this job . However , I am not official yet .
I heard that there should be salary .
I want to buy a SLR ( Single Len Reflex ) camera 
Because I will go out for fun during National Day 
Then buy it 
I have no money 
Are you there ? 
I 'm here 
Will you go back during the winter vacation ? 
I probably wo n't go back 
Oh . Will you be in Philadelphia during the winter vacation ? 
I 'm not sure . My mother probably will come over to visit , so I likely will take her to somewhere else by that time 
Oh , okay 
How about you ? 
I want to go back , but not sure yet . I 'd like to go to Philadelphia with friends if I do n't go back 
Oh . Contact me then~~ 
Yeah , okay 
You there or not ? 
yes 
[ expression ] Did you read my private letter 
Shocked 
Is it that the English version of the transcript definitely has to have the school 's stamp affixed ? 
Actually it 's the teacher 's problem 
No 
Actually it 's the school 's problem 
It would also be fine if you do n't tell him 
Is n't it ? 
Do you have the email address of Teacher Che or something like it ? 
While do n't you have Teacher Che ask the college president ? 
If they will stamp it for you or not 
Otherwise all those certificates while you were in school would have to be issued again 
Is that so 
However , the thing I brought up that was very strange was , even though all those materials were altered by the school , and proofed and without error , what does it matter to the school whether affixing the school 's stamp or affixing the college 's stamp ? 
That intermediary of yours said it would be best if the same stamp were used for those in the same envelope 
Right , he previously already said this 
Then the school is going to make money I think 
The key is , if you want to have the school 's stamp affixed 
At least there are people that come to proof it 
Has n't the school already proofed it ? 
However , if the school proofs , this means it 'll be handled there 
No 
The ones I went to handle during summer vacation were issued by the school 
No 
I am talking about the transcripts 
Not a certificate of current enrollment 
Is that so ...... then can the school issue the information on the minor 
I know , I was also talking about transcripts 
He 's OKed again today 
Oh , do you have an English version of the transcript 
Furthermore , once proofed that =subject where you delayed testing will be noticed 
Right , I have done the =Chinese and English version computer transcripts , its just that at the time I did n't change back the achievement points 
Right , there are some problems with that subject that I delayed testing in 
Where is your English version 
Then what did you tell her at the time 
Can you go to Teacher Che and have her help out and see if she can get rid of that subject , because previously Secretary Lei said the school 's Office of Educational Affairs could delete that subject 
Tell who ? 
If this is so , it will be the school 's stamp that will be affixed for the minor , the computer stamp will be affixed for the others [ expression ] 
My English version is here with me 
== 
I am a bit confused 
If it 's not the school 's stamp that will be affixed for your minor transcript , it 'll be the Foreign Language College 's stamp 
If the main major is not our college than it 's the school 's 
No need for confusion , if it really is no good than turn everything over and do things again at the school I think 
Your intermediary also said its best to have the same stamp 
That 's fine , then I should go to the school to get it done 
Ugh , damn that intermediary , saying if I did n't give him my information he could n't write the paper 
[ expression ] If you do it at the school , they will charge you a lot 
Calm down ~ 
== Let 's first talk about how many plans you have 
Embarrassing 
Can you give me your card number , I 'll have my family members wire the money to you 
First try to see if the school can help you affix it 's stamp 
College 
OK 
That is the first thing 
If the college affixes its stamp a lot of trouble will be saved 
Yeah , but if this is so what about the minor 
However , first ask the intermediary if you can get the the school 's stamp for the minor 
I think this is very reasonable 
Yeah , that works 
So when the time comes ask the teachers of the administrative building if this can be verified ? 
At that time I will directly get it done at the school , and have the school 's stamp affixed 
Eh ... 
So why is it ok if the Foreign Language College 's transcripts affixes their own 
At the time I did n't go to the intermediary , and planned to DIY , and then I thought that it did n't matter if there were different stamps ...... 
So I quite naturally got it done 
[ This | introduce one ] .. 
Besides this there is another problem , if I do it at the school , then wo n't the school issuing that GPA ranking certificate not be a sure thing ? 
It seems so 
Embarrassing 
I remember it as no 
I seem to have asked 
[ expression ] Then in the end there are still different stamps 
So our first step is to first try to see if the English version computer transcript can have the college 's stamp affixed or not 
Yeah 
I actually think that having different stamps is n't the end of the world 
Right , I also think so 
He said it was best 
Because that pile of things is not easy to have stamped at the college , and will be wasted if you do n't want them [ expression ] 
Then I 'll send an email to the teachers of the Office of Educational Affairs to implore them 
The second plan is to have the school 's stamp affixed for the English version of the computer transcripts and foreign language transcripts , and have the college affix stamps for the remaining enrollment certification and GPA ranking certification 
There 's nothing that can be done if different 
[ expression ] 33 , you quickly go and reserve a [ karaoke | k ] room , sauna and Hot Pot then 
Ha ha 
Take care , I will 
For the second plan at least , I also only have two stamps on my materials , one from the school one from the college , that is passable 
Right 
Then should I still keep those three copies that the foreign language college affixed their stamp to 
You are saying two copies for one school , right ? 
Keep them on file then 
Right 
Then there should be no problem 
I told him I wanted 18 copies 
Affixed by the school 
Because , at any rate , its a different envelope 
That also works , because I plan to apply to 9 schools 
18 copies exactly 
[ expression ] OK then 
21 copies for you there 
Everybody was startled when they heard 
At the time I said 21 copies was so I could keep several copies just in case , in case I had to supplement anything going to the school would be a pain 
He he [ expression ] 
Then you actually wo n't use 21 copies of the transcript 
At least 18 copies , 9 schools . However , I should still get 21 copies I think 
OK 
At any rate there is no difference . To avoid having that intermediary say its insufficient again , and not the same 
Yeah 
That intermediary 
=Want to flatten him 
Ha ha 
Once he comes out with the document see if I do n't flatten him 
Will this work 
[ expression ] Then I 'll send it 
Look at my luck 
Yeah , we will all do the best we can 
[ picture ] Do you want to supplement this expression 
Thank you orz [ picture ] 
[ expression ] OK 
[ expression ] OK , I sent it 
[ expression ] I 'm going to go take a bath , I 'll tell you what progress there is tomorrow , for my drinking , eating and entertainment , it 's worth it 
Damn , forgot the attachment 
Dang it 
Try it again then ...... 
Yeah , I sent it 
OK , I just got out of class 
Currently , I have class every morning , however , I will take my computer to school to the extend possible . At any rate , if you need to find me then go to Q or Weibo , I 'll respond to you as soon as possible , ha 
[ expression ] So it 's that you 're in class , embarrassing 
Yeah , OK , , 
You can play with your computer when in class , this is the difference between America and China 
Eh , not necessarily , I have two early classes , one period is education , and you ca n't play , one period is java , and you can use your computer 
So you also have to look at how teachers are different 
Yeah , my computer has no power . I 'll first recharge , if anything comes up leave a message 
[ expression ] good night 
OK 
Sister - in - law , do you know whether someone with a weak body can eat American ginseng ? 
Are you going to buy it for someone else or for yourself ? 
I want to buy it for my grandpa 
He has heart disease and is always gasping . He goes to hospital frequently this year . Seems like he is very week . He is having herpes now as well . I really want to buy something for him to improve his health 
Last time when Shao came , his manager Zhou Rouli asked me to buy American ginseng for her . So , I also bought American ginseng for my parents and my parents - in - law to eat at the same time . I only found out recently that there are many things to learn about how to eat American ginseng .
You are right . However , I know nothing about it 
Do you know what type of heart disease your grandpa has ? For example , is it hypertensive heart disease , pulmonary heart disease , rheumatic heart disease , or something else ? 
He has no hypertension . I have not heard of rheumatism either . I frequently hear that he has difficulty breathing 
I do not know what type it is 
I want to buy it for him , but I am also worried I might ruin things 
Do you know any other things which can help improve the body ? 
I do not know either . If =he is too weak , he should be taken to the Chinese doctor to see whether it is suitable for him to take . Otherwise , your good intention may result in bad results .
Have you sent back the things you bought last time ? 
Not yet . I also bought two homogenizers for Shao to be used in the experiments as he is in urgent need of them . I plan to wrap them in the clothes and send them back when I receive the homogenizers . He liked the Nike clothes and shoes I bought last time very much .
That is good 
I started doing experiments at 7:30 AM this morning and I only managed to come back at 7:30 PM . I separated the stem cells for another 6 mice . I am not planning to do too many experiments tomorrow . We will have the routine meeting between 4 PM to 5 PM . I plan to go to the church when the meeting ends . Do you want to practice your driving skill Saturday ? I will go back to the lab to take photos for the cells Sunday afternoon .
Was everything fine on the way when you went back last time ? 
That 's good 
It 's quite good when I came back last time . As I left early , I arrived home at 8:10 . I even cooked meals for me to be taken to office .
That 's good 
I am checking the postal fees on the internet 
A December 19th flight 
Wow , you got tickets so fast 
Yeah , it 's cheaper if you reserve earlier 
Are you transferring in Japan 
No , I am transferring in Los Angles or San Francisco 
Teacher , do you want to go to Japan ? 
Oh , I wanted to have you buy some South Korean products while at the airport in Japan . He he .
I went to Japan once , been through there twice .
Originally we thought about transferring in Japan , but for flying to Guangzhou it seems that Los Angles is comparatively cheaper 
[ expression ] Teacher , you say your little sister is also going abroad , does she want to find an intermediary ? If so , do n't go to EIC ...... [ expression ] 
Damn , the one she found was EIC 
From what I hear EIC has basically not contacted her 
And has just told her to submit material 
She wants to go to England or America ...... I and Shanshan both think that EIC 's attitude in doing things is different after receiving money 
Right , it was the same for me , Shanshan called and pressed them every day , Jinglin also went to EIC , he had it even worse , he made endless calls , but that consultant did n't take them 
She went to Hong Kong , it 's easy to regularly return to Shenzhen 
She went to Shenzhen EIC , it was the same . They basically did n't pay her any attention .
Ugh ...... EIC 's business is too good , they are big so they bully clients~ 
You have n't been =sleeping at all ? ? 
?? 
There 's hot water !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hahahahahahahahahaha 
ok 
Go wash up and =spit quickly 
No , wash up and sleep 
Hahahahaha , today was exhausting~ 
Why ? 
Oh 
We worked till this late 
It 's not exhausting , it 's not exhausting . Everyone is in it together 
Hahahahahahahaha , not bad . Good =child !!! 
I just remembered 
Jobs has gone to board the [ 2012 Mayan Apocalypse spaceship | ship ] 
Makes sense … … 
=What shall we do ? ??? 
I 've been wanting to come to the United States because I want to be with my boyfriend when 2012 comes 
………… 
But I do n’t want that , the look of death is so ugly … 
It 'll be so fast when the time comes . You definitely wo n't be able to see it 
Hahahahahaha 
When I think of having to sit for exams and whatnot , I hope that 2012 will come a little sooner 
………… .
I want to exercise well 
When 2012 comes , run wildly !!!! 
No wonder !! 
It ’s so manipulative !! 
It ’s a must ... 
I 'm going to shower !!!! 
This is way too comfy !!!! 
Finish showering , and then study another 5 hours !!!! 
The =pressure is so great … … 
[ emoticon ] Go ahead . =Bye - bye 
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 
The objective has been achieved 
Hello , dilys ~ how was your National Day ? 
Have you begun working ? Can you confirm the matter of setting a school as soon as possible ~ 
How much did you get on your GREs ? 2011-10-08 6:02:55 DILYS whenever you are online , come find me , 
I thought about it , you definitely want to provide some teaching experience , and give it to LIPMANN 
No matter if you have really done it or not . . . 2011-10-08 6:12:40 DILYS do you understand 
My GRE results have not come out yet , generally they 've been in the 1,100 to 1,200 range 
I will provide some teaching experience for you , do n't worry 
How is the ranking of U of San Francisco , this school ? They do n't have much information 
And I looked it up online , the tuition of this school is quite expensive , but its reputation can not be considered good 
Is it that I do n't understand things enough ? However , its ranking is 112 
I think I am not very satisfied with appropriate type and safe type schools , can you adjust things again , I 'm sorry 
dilys , I just checked again , results wo n't come out until the middle of November , because the August and September GREs were reformed 
OK , let me look again .. I 'll answer you tomorrow 
However , you can also apply to 9 places , add 3 more schools to apply to 
Besides this , I recommend you first aim toward 2 schools , such as UP , USC , first applications + letter 
Is that OK ? 
Right , I am going to apply to 9 places , you are saying it 's best to to apply to 12 places ? 
OK , then first do letters and applications for UP , USC . Can you help me tell lipmann and Bonny ~ I will also contact them on Q . O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O thanks .
Send a formal email to me ( from QQ cell phone : http://mobile.qq.com/v/ ) 
What email ? 
Saying you have confirmed applying to these two schools first . When the time comes you will pay 12,000 in ranking fees 
Is the reason I am first applying to these two schools is because there cut off times are fairly early ? Will my information be inadequate if I apply now ? 
dilys , concerning ranking fees , do you have to pay them when you begin applying , and not pay them after they make an offer 
[ Expression ] you first pay , if you 're not enrolled , then they refund it 
And I have n't yet begun to look at the information you came up with ( except for the several school selection charts you gave me ) ...... 
Last year I had students that went , 
When we designated a school , and signed the school agreement , we had to pay the money 
Later , if they did n't enroll someone , they would refund the corresponding tuition 
If the first twenty are enrolled then they do n't refund , if 30 - 50 are enrolled , they refund 4,000 and take 8,000 . If its after 50 , they refund the entire 12,000 right 
Right 
They look at overall ranking 
[ Expression ] that student was too superb , affording that money to go study abroad , but not willing to give intermediary fees 
Alright , then are there stipulations in the school selection agreement on how many schools the first twenty can register for , and how many the 30 - 50 can register for ? 
At any rate its 6 schools 
I 'm planning to register 9 schools 
Everything can be the first 50f 
However , I do n't recommend doing this 
OK , get it . Then what time do you think I should sign the school agreement and have money taken ? I 'll have to tell my parents 
They 're not taking money yet . You first send me an email OK ~~~~~~ 
If you want to set a school , first apply to them 
Send an email to me 
However , I still have n't settled on a school 
I am sending it now 
I hope you can do well and apply to every school ~ if you can really get into a top twenty , I will be very grateful to you dears [ expression ] 
Are you there ? 
What ’s up , Big Sister ? 
Can you check if the transcript you sent for me last time has been received ? 
I know 
It has n’t been received … 
Ah ? Was it lost in the mail ? 
I ’ll go to the post office to take a look tomorrow 
I do n’t know 
Your mom said the school has n’t received it 
You do n’t need to go to the post office . Did you keep the receipt when you sent it ? You can check with the number on it 
It seems I do n’t have it any more 
Let me look for it again 
I ’m sorry , Big Sister 
It ’s all right . Okay , can you help me to get another copy tomorrow , and send it over by ems . Do you still have the address ? 
I do n’t have it any more 
The main thing is it ’s not easy to make copies of the school ’s transcript 
Did you send by standard mail last time ? 
No 
Send it by the fastest one 
I ’m sorry I ’ve bothered you so much 
I ’ll go to the school to ask whether they finally have received it or not . It might be from problems with other documents 
Express delivery … 
Is it too much trouble to ask for another transcript ? 
It was a lot of trouble the first time when I printed your transcript 
That person simply did n’t want to 
I spent [ a long time | half a day ] with her 
Huh … these people … Would it be useful to go to Teacher Duan ? 
It ’s useless 
They wo n’t take care of it 
Okay … . If the transcript has n’t been received , I probably will have to bother you to ask for another copy . I ’m sorry 
Okay 
It ’s all right , Big Sister 
Okay , I ’m going to school . I ’ll leave you a message if I have something 
Okay 
What ’s up ? 
Nothing . I went to sleep 
Is it fun in the US ? 
It ’s more fun in New York than in Philadelphia 
Anyway , I ’m doing homework every day . Huh 
=So hard . Do n’t study too hard 
It is n’t that I study hard – I have to study 
The US is really different . I look up to it 
How about you ? Are your studies hard ? 
Still the same 
That ’s really good … 
It ’s still better to study hard . Do n’t be like me , but do n’t study too hard either 
It ’s difficult to grasp 
It ’s okay to grasp it when you go to bed 
Good night 
Okay , good night~~ 
Do you want the original picture or the one being [ photoshopped | p ] ? 
Both are okay~~~ 
I feel intimate when talking with you ... 
I feel like I can speak Chongqing dialect 
No problem , ha ha 
I 'll simply send you both 
Okay . I 'll take my time looking at them . I will take a look at the [ photoshopped | P ] one after I take a look at the original one . In short , I have feelings for both~ 
Hee hee 
Thanks~~ 
You 're welcome 
No problem 
dilys you also work on the weekend ? 
Right 
Concerning sending my TOEFL scores , whenever I try to pay , and log on to my online bank , an error will appear on =it , saying I did not turn on online payment functions 
And then I asked bonny what to do , and could you pay for me and then have my parents send it to you 
That works 2011-10-14 23:48:40 lynette she said they generally use the card of the consultant setting the school ...... 
What do you mean by first paying , is that having my parents first wire the amount to you ? 
I can pay RMB , I took my TOEFL in China ...... And used RMB 
Right 2011-10-14 23:50:22 DILYS if it is sending scores domestically , we collect an extra 100 Yuan in processing fees , ha ha 
100 for each or 100 all together ? 
Only 100 all together 2011-10-14 23:51:04 DILYS ha ha , not much .
Oh , =frightened me there , I was going to say , 900 for 9 schools 2011-10-14 23:51:46 DILYS [ expression ] I am not that greedy 
[ Picture ] then you give me your card number 
However , it is the weekend now , do I need to wait until Monday ? 
Last year there was a student like this , not an English major 
Enrolled in IUB 
What is IUB , is n't it IU 
There is no IU 
I think that my GREs wo n't be that good even if I take it again ...... [ Picture ] I am very busy this semester , and do n't have time to review for the GRE 
Ugh 
Then your GRE needs to be at least 1,200 points 2011-10-14 23:55:05 DILYS will that work or not 
First set BUFFLO right ? 
I hope its that high , because the range they gave me was 1,100 - 1,220 
And then the remaining 6 schools , wait , set them after you get your final grades 
Who gave you that range ? 
Right after you finished taking the test there will immediately be an approximate grade that comes out , given by ETS 
Then fist set BUFFALO then 
U of Baffalo , SUNY ， +Penn State+ 
Just first set these two schools 
University of Missouri - Columbia 
Can you give me the detailed information for PENN STATE 
This school is also fine , however , LIPMANN said that this school 's liberal arts is very good , and wo n't necessarily enroll you 
This school 's accounting and media are extremely good 
I am currently having lunch , I come back and talk with you in a bit , sorry 
OK , we 'll chat again when you 're back 
dilys when you return give me your card number 
I ca n't give my card number to you 
Because I do n't know how much money is on it in all right now 2011-10-15 12:43:00 lynette 
Getting your visa is too far away I think ...... 
Yeah , I ’m here 
Hoho , how have you been lately ? 
Oh , quite well 
(( [ That 's great | that ’s actually a hit ] )) , I 'm thinking of a way to transfer the video to you , it 's too large 
Have you chosen the color of mobile phone case yet ? 
Okay . That day I tried downloading that photo many times before it was finally downloaded 
Haha , as long as you can view it , it ’s fine 
I want one like this 
Okay , I will have a look 
Are n't there many colors for that ? What colors do you want ? 
For this , I want that panda one 
Let me have a look , okay ? It seems the case and sewing kits are sold separately 
Okay , give me the link when you 've chosen 
It seems the first one only has that pink one 
For the second one , I want that bright red one with a panda on top 
Okay , what time do you usually sleep at night ? 
Choose two more white ones 
Around twelve o'clock 
This one ? 
Which store are you preparing to buy from ? 
Do you want the one with pasted diamonds ? I pasted a bear myself 
I probably do n’t want it . Too flashy 
I 'll have a look in a bit . I 'm on the mobile phone now 
Okay 
I 'll turn on the computer . Wait a second , okay ? 
Little Sister , one of the pink ones , one panda , one little bear , and what else ? 
I 'm transferring my wedding video to you . Give it a try . See if it 's fast 
Okay 
How about this one ? 
Not bad 
But it 's not cross-stitch , right ? 
This file is really large . Haha , it ’s only one - fifth 
Accept it 
A little slow 
When you are done looking on [ Taobao . com | Taobao ] , then send me the link to that webpage 
Yes . It was very fast just now 
I got disconnected . Hoho 
I 'll compress it , then transfer it to you again 
Okay 
These five videos are all too large 
When you ’re done looking on [ Taobao . com | Taobao ] , send me the link to that page . I ’ll order it for you once I find it 
Which color do you want ? 
Their store also has cross-stitched ones 
I just want that black one 
And the edges are rose pink ? 
I saw this kind over here , sold very expensively 
Yeah 
Because my mobile phone is white 
Okay 
I reckon this is an imitation , hoho 
Yeah 
But they can be used all the same 
Will send that one to you in a little while after it has been compressed . If you 're not online , I 'll send an offline file . It ’s a little slow to compress 
Anything else that caught your eye on [ Taobao . com | Taobao ] ? Just send me a link 
Okay 
=Ca n't send it offline . I 'll try to use the mailbox 
Ca n't send it to the mailbox either . The file is too large . Wait till I have added you next time , and then I will transfer it again .
Is this person your friend ? http://u.cntv.cn/aszz7S She said she knows you , and often leaves me messages . Help me take a look ! 
That is it ... I just saw your signature after I clicked the link ... 
It does n't matter if you did n't type in the password 
I lose ... 
It 's embarrassing 
Change the password 
Oh , okay 
Then kill the viruses . I do n't seem to have found any viruses on my computer 
So yours probably is not infected either . It 's just that the password was stolen 
Okay 
Can qq be hacked ? 
There should be no problem if you change the password . patpat 
Okay . Ugh , I 'm too thick 
[ Uh | Forehead ] , not yet . I particularly had a lot of homework this week , I forgot 
Pig 
Pah . Go look for yourself 
I got up to work today at 6 o'clock .
I 'm terribly busy too .
Did you go there to study or serve as cheap labor ? 
Wonderful Sister , when you are done , remember to go and take a look for me ! 
Labor .
Okay 
It 's not cheap . It 's free .
All right 
Revolt , then 
Why should [ I | Laozi ] do free work for them ? ! 
Sigh 
In order to learn more , and also to gain an advantage when discussing scholarships .
Okay 
Indirectly for money .
That 's right too . Money is n't so important now either . If it were important then it would be better to go work 
1st class 4,000 . 2nd class 3,000 . 3rd class 1,000 
wow 
When you get it , run at top speed to buy a [ SLR camera | SLR ] 
[ My God | Faint ] . It 's not enough 
It 's not US dollars anyway .
Have you helped me look for a [ SLR camera | SLR ] ? 
I took a look 
Nikon is cheaper than domestically 
What 's the price of Apple 4s over there ? I have someone here who can replace firmware . He previously sold Apple for two years .
There are only those that require signing of contracts . 199 [ dollars | knives ] 
What 's the price for Nikon ? Tell me about domestic and foreign prices .
What is signing of a contract ? If you sign a contract can you replace the firmware ? 
It can be cheaper than domestically by about one thousand 
You should n't be able to 
It 's locked by the mobile communications company here . Other cards can only be used after two years 
Not bad ! Which model do you suggest buying then ? 
I do n't understand it either 
Then after two years you wo n't know till which generation Apple would have released .
Find someone who plays with [ SLR cameras | SLRs ] and ask 
I 'll ask about the Apple thing when I come back .
Yeah 
The one I bought on contract is 4 
Who burns money playing with [ SLR cameras | SLRs ] ? ! 
I know .
There are many 
Groups with large piles of [ filming equipment | long spears and short cannons ] 
Those with an entry - level one are even embarrassed to take it out and shoot 
How about you just [ settle it in one go | get into place in one step ] and buy a good one ? 
[ Fuck | Lean ] . It 's a digital one now , I ’m so sorry .
Also it ’s simply heavy ! 
Yes . Rather heavy 
I use compact cameras now too 
My classmate 's boyfriend plays with [ SLR cameras | SLRs ] , by Nikon . I 'll ask and let you know .
Okay 
Do you feel ashamed ? Still using a compact in the United States .
There 's no shame 
Lightweight is the [ way to go | Way of the King ] ! 
I think what ’s shameful is not being able to take good photos despite having a [ SLR camera | SLR ] 
Yes 
The classmates whom I met here that play with [ SLR cameras | SLRs ] , what they shoot is really what one can call good 
I think I do n't have the passion to delve into it , and do n't have the financial ability to buy so much equipment either 
I 'll learn it well . Take photos for all you pretty girls .
Yeah . Okay . Prepare to be poor for three generations because of [ SLR cameras | SLRs ] 
Oh [ fuck | lean ] ! I [ am not crazy about it | do n't have a fever ] , I just think compacts ca n't satisfy my requirements .
Once you start photographing you ca n't stop 
How about Canon ? 
If you really have passion 
I 'll take a look for you 
Yeah . I will work hard to earn money . Now I ’m [ pretending to be what one is not | a human who behaves like a dog ] every day . If you could all see me , you 'd definitely say I 'm faking it .
Haha . This is a sign of maturity 
Frankly speaking , it 's my driving force to make money ! I think I have too many desires . If I do n't work hard I ca n't satisfy them .
Like the entry - level Canon for six or seven hundred [ dollars | knives ] 
Plus tax it could be four or five thousand . About the same as domestically 
Uh , yes .
How do you prevent the addition of tax ? 
It 's impossible not to add =tax 
Tax 
Oh 
Do you still have to pay tax when you come back then ? 
Did n't you say that tax is added when Apple goes through customs ? 
It 's no problem going through customs 
If you do n't report it , it does n't matter 
If they 're little things , I ’ll just carry them with me 
Bringing Apple back is useless anyway .
Are you there ? 
Yes 
Did you receive the module last time ? 
It 's been several months 
I received , of course 
Um 
I thought you mailed me a module again 
I ca n't make one appear from nowhere .
You are responsible for technical support , right ? 
Um 
Is there anything wrong ? 
Very good 
It 's useful , is n't it ? 
The product has been released for years 
Is n't it just released ? 
The W module has already been released for a few years 
Three new modules are now released 
Oh 
The frequency bands are selectable 
The W module is very stable now 
Oh 
You can ask other clients 
What does it mean by selectable frequency bands ? 
There are many 3G frequency bands , right ? 
There are many 2G frequency bands , too 
Clients can select the appropriate frequency bands depending on where their electronic products are going to be sold . It is estimated that the prices will be lower .
Oh 
That is to say that one module is sufficient for both wcdma and evdo ? 
No , it ca n't be 
The frequency bands of Mobile are the same =as those of Unicom 
The current W module uses the 4+ ! or 4+ 3 frequency band , and you can choose the 4+ 2 frequency band later 
You contacted me just for asking this matter ? 
How well is your machine adjusted ? 
Oh 
How long does it take to switch between frequency bands ? 
In general , the frequency band is automatically selected at power on 
If you want to switch from 2G to 3G frequency bands , you may send a command to switch it . The search for a new network and registration will take about 10 seconds 
It takes a bit long time .
We have no choice about these . They are stipulated by the operators 
The search for a new network requires reconnection with the base station for confirmation , which needs to be determined by the operators 
It is not something that can be determined by a mobile terminal 
The wcdma and evdo modules are encapsulated in the same way .
This design is great ! 
The UART levels are different , though 
Level conversion is needed ? 
Um 
Did n't we change the level of the W module I brought there from the last time ? 
Oh 
Understood 
I am now in charge of a product project in another company , and I wish to use 3G modules .
Are you interested in cooperation ? 
=Er 
How do we cooperate ? 
It will be great if we can cooperate , of course 
The prices of wcdma and evdo modules are close , right ? 
Um 
How much approximately ? 
The EVDO ones are more expensive 
I am not sure about this 
Oh 
Business price quotes always depend on the quantity 
Do we need to ask Manager Mao ? 
There is discount for big quantities 
No 
That is for sure 
Who do we ask ? 
Let me introduce you to a sales manager 
You can ask him 
What about this 
? 
When you have time in the next few days , come to our company .
OK 
But you also need to tell us about what products you are doing 
Um 
Let 's contact via telephone first 
What is your telephone number 
Call my phone , please 
I ca n't get through to yours 
Is it a direct line ? 
Um 
OK . I will give him a call now .
You talk to him . There should be no problem when you talk to him about the matters of the prototype and development boards 
OK 
Can dial - up Internet connection and the AT command be performed simultaneously ? 
Yes 
There is a dedicated AT port for USB 
What are the uses of the three USB virtual serial ports ? 
Four ports are mapped , 
one is dedicated for sending AT 
one is for GPS data 
one is a diagnostic port , which we use for debugging and upgrades 
Oh 
GPS is not AGPS , right ? 
? 
It does not rely on the assistance of base stations for positioning 
It is through the GPS satellites 
The positioning can also be done with the assistance of base stations 
Oh 
Time to knock off now . Let 's talk tomorrow 
OK 
How much higher is the price for a module with gps ? 
Not much higher 
Probably just more than ten yuan 
How is the effect ? 
You can ask the salesman about the price 
GPS positioning ? 
What about this : you come over with the salesman when you have time .
In general , we can finish the positioning on our development boards within one and a half minute 
OK 
Oh , 
You can talk to the sales manager 
Did n't you contact him yesterday ? 
Are the drivers of wcdma modules and evdo modules compatible with each other ? 
They are not compatible with each other 
It is not difficult to make them compatible , is it ? 
Where are the drivers used that you mentioned ? 
and linux 
The drivers are different 
This does not matter 
You put both drivers in the system 
The system will automatically load them 
Um 
You can contact our sales manager 
When you come , bring a module that can be used for the GPS demo .
I have contacted him .
Um 
Telecom or Unicom module ? 
=Er 
OK 
Bring one for wcdma and one for evdo module .
=Er 
OK 
Did he say when he would go to your company ? 
He said it would depend on your time .
=Er 
If you need to verify the GPS functionality , then a GPS antenna is required 
Oh , do you have a matching antenna ? 
We have a GPS antenna 
A passive antenna 
Um . do a demonstration , mainly to assess whether it can replace an independent GPS module .
Um 
Liming , your subject material is basically complete . When can your parents here issue your proof of deposit ? 
Is n't the [ 400 thousand | 40W ] proof of deposit frozen from December until June of next year ? It should take until December to be able to get it then . When does the proof of funds need to be used ? 
bonny , the money to be used for the score report has already been put in dilys account . Have you sent the scores to the predetermined schools for me ? 
There is also the recommendation letter issue . Should I ask you or Consultant Li ? Also , when should I get the two recommendation letters from the American professors ? 
The proof of funds is used when applying to send materials . I intend to help you apply to several in November . I 'll especially help you apply early to SUNY . So I hope the proof of deposit can be issued now 
You need to give me your TOEFL and GRE account and password .
The score report arrangements will be under way in the next couple of days 
Inquire about the recommendation letter issue with Consultant Li . Over there in the United States the recommendation letters should be sent by the professors themselves . I 'll notify you in advance when to send it to which schools 
Now you can just ask the professors to prepare it first .
Issue the proof of assets now ? The freeze will be more than six months then 
I think there may have been a misunderstanding in our previous communication . So I still told my parents there 's no hurry , freeze it in December 
If I tell them now , then it has to be sooner than planned . Sigh … … 
Plus my classmate did n't even need the proof of assets when going to the UK , that was very convenient 
Heh heh . Your application is much more complicated than hers . I ’ve been in contact with her the last few days . She already has an OFFER now 
Yes . She still does n't want to give the school a response so early 
anyway , you 're saying then that the proof of assets needs to be taken care of by the beginning of November , right ? 
How many copies are needed ? 
N+ 3 copies 
Deliver it to my office at the beginning of November 
Would n't 12 copies be needed ? ! 
Do all have to be original copies ? 
Yes 
OK . I 'll try my best . When I tried having a proof of deposit issued before , it was n't even possible to issue an additional one 
I really do n't know if this many copies can be done . Although you said previously the bank will collect processing fees . So the more the better 
It 's this way at domestic banks . One copy is about 15 - 25 yuan 
I previously went to ICBC , also because a proof of deposit needed to be issued for exchange students 
Did they charge money ? 
No 
=Since they did n't charge money 
Then I asked if they could issue one more . She said no 
Is [ 400 thousand | 40W ] needed for that then ? Can the number be decreased ? 
NO 
OK . I 'll communicate that to my parents 
It ’s settled . As it turns out , the Bank of China can issue 20 original proof certificates , but ICBC ca n't 
I already told them to take care of it by the beginning of November 
Do you know approximately when to pay the ranking fee ? Is it that it should be paid after the schools are determined ? 
This needs to be confirmed with DYLIS 
Okay 
You can try if the drivers work first 
Some drivers are compiled under the client 's SDK 
You canceled .
You try them first 
If they do n't work , I will send you others to try 
I have sent offline files 
I am going out now 
OK 
I will contact you if I have any problems .
=OK 
I also get hungry easily lately !! I always want to eat . Is it because it ’s cold ? 
Probably ! 
Ah ? ?? 
What kind of problem is it ? 
I do n’t know what kind of problem it is 
Is it the pressure of study too great ? 
Probably … 
OMG , really ? ? How long has it been ? You did n’t even tell me 
Oh , it is good news . Congratulations 
Huh , okay 
K , in mid-term exam , I got a score in one class almost the same as the average score . I was deeply affected .
What does the average score mean ? Is it the average score of the whole school for this class ? 
It ’s just the average score of all the people who take the class 
Anyway , it ’s just like that . I feel that doing graduate school is tiring and you do n’t have the sense of achievement 
Huh , your expectation is too high . It ’s just okay to be more than the average score . Why are you forcing yourself ? What ’s it for if you get such a high score ? 
No , I did n’t get as much as the average score . I ’m =upset 
Just one point less 
It ’s only one class , so it ’s okay , dear . Do n’t always be so strict with yourself . You ’ve already been studying up until now . Sometimes , do n’t make life difficult for yourself 
Another class is also hard … 
The main thing is that I think I used to be near the front at least before , but now I ’m average everywhere 
Do n’t always be on the top . Sometimes you need to come down to breathe . The most important thing is to find happiness for yourself . Do you know ? ? 
I understand this also . Because you have always been excellent , you ca n’t accept this . But it ’s very tiring if you live like this 
The stress is probably too big . The people around me are all too good 
K , I have to stop talking with you . I have to go outside . I ’m having a class in a while 
OMG , then , you need to think about things at which you are better than others 
Okay okay . Hurry up and go . Take care of yourself . Tell me if you have anything 
Okay okay 
Beside this , do you have GRE results or not ? 
If this SOP has a small story to SUPPORT it it will have a lot of personality and the ADMISSION COMMITTEE would like it a lot , currently looking at you , I have already helped you put out the framework 
OK , I will immediately supplement the contents and send them to you 
The GRE results have seemed to come out , but it is the new scoring system , I do n't understand it 
Teacher , U PENN requires authentication , and then you pay . Dilys does n't have an web account with the banks above , do you 
I do 
Can I have my parents send money to my card , and then you help me pay ? If you can , do I need to add another handling fee 
I can 
What about the handling fee ...... ? 
How much money ? 
I think around 1,800 RMB , you ask bonny 
1,780 or so , you give me an even 1,800 and I 'll help you do it , I have a China Construction Bank web account 
This is my China Construction Bank account number , you can have my parents transfer the money to you 
OK .
My GRE results came out , 340 is perfect , I am 305 
Do you think it 's high enough 
What 's your old G 
The composition is 6 points , I got 3.5 
I have n't taken the G , however according to the conversion chart , I 'd only have around 1,000 points 
So low ? 
Yes , I think it 's quite strange . I divided 305 by 340 , and got 89 point something , I do n't understand why its like this when you change it to the old G 
You give me the subtotals for each part to me and I 'll help you verify things 
I was wrong , I calculated things wrong . My old G is 1140 
I saw it , BONNY gave it to me 
I sent it to you , sectional drawing , I 'll look for the chat records 
1,140 , this score is fairly low 
You want above 1,300 for it to be fairly good 
However , first give me the little story subject matter from these past few days to me , I 'll first write the SOP , and first Submit to Buffalo and other schools then 
OK , I have n't received your account number information 
The China Construction Bank one 
Well if my new results do n't come out until December 7 , will it still be useful at that time 
You should ask BONNY for the DEADLINE for each school 
You can UPDATE 
You first make your resume FINAL , and have BONNY first fill out the web application information 
First apply to Buffalo and the University of Georgia 
I have two undergraduate students that have already received fall OFFERs for 2012 from Buffalo and Michigan State University [ expression ] 
\(^o^) / ~congrates ! 
Have you thought of your personal description story ? 
A story supportive of COMPETENCE CAPABILITY CHALLENGE 
A story with the key points being education support and FIELD EXPERIENCE in American middle schools concerning education and computer software 
I have already completed the majority of it , I 've written the challenge one , I do n't think it 's very good , I am revising it 
I will send it to you during your afternoon 
There is no problem with the third version of the resume , its just you need to update your GRE results and it 'll be fine 
OK , its best to write a bit more in depth , use your specialized knowledge 
I really hate it when graduate students all want me to fabricate stuff up , where do I have such skills , and can do everything , you need to work harder 
[ Expression ] We give you uncooked rice , and have you cook it up to cooked rice 
You are really smart , you can cook uncooked rice to cooked rice 
Because I have this expert in you to point out things 
Teacher , is bonny beside you 
I have a question about the GRE sending scores I want to ask her , but she 's not online 
You go and find her now then 
[ Expression ] she is still not there 
I 'll tell her , you go find her 
Found her 
Found her , O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O thanks 
Teacher , can you check the account and see if the 1,800 Yuan was received or not , the China Construction Bank account number 
OK 
Received 
I 'll help BONNY pay the money 
Yeah , OK , you tell bonny . O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O thanks 
OK , I am writing your SOP 
I expect I can finish writing it today , I 'll send it to you at that time 
OK , THX 
Besides this for letters of recommendation , have you found two recommenders in America ? 
Found them , I 've already told them , and they have consented 
Did they write them themselves ? 
However they all said that generally I give their email to the schools , and the schools contact them 
Yes 
Yes , you only need to write the letter from Teacher Hua and that will be fine 
What kind of teachers are the two of them ? 
So I found teachers for two aspects of tesol , linguistics and education [ expression ] 
GOOD 
Who to go to for Teacher Hua 's letter ? 
A computer teacher 
Have you finished writing the subject matter ? 
One that teaches graphics or whatnot 
What subject matter , I already sent you the SOP 
Can you apply CS to the TESOL subject matter 
The letters of recommendation subject matter 
This coming and going is all just computer applications , you ca n't say much 
That form for the letter of recommendation I gave to the teachers to fill out before , you want me to supplement a story myself 
I also already sent you the recommender information form 
Right , a story on applying computers to TESOL 
Is this related to the recommenders 
Is there a difference from the SOP subject matter 
OK , I 'll write the SOP , you first think about it 
Teacher , I 'm sorry , for the letter of recommendation , I first do n't need Chinese . I 've directly sent the English version to my teacher to let her look at it 
Teacher , is the SOP the same as a personal statement ? 
I 've asked my supporting manager , she suggested I immediately SUBMIT the UPENN application , because it is ROLLING 
I will have BONNY finish the web application and transcript verification as soon as possible 
Please FINAL the SOP and letter of recommendation by today 
Then what to do about the American letters of recommendation 
The American teachers will write them themselves 
Use web recommendations , send a LINK to their email addresses , they will go and fill out the information themselves 
After Teacher Hua this teacher receives a LINK and forwards it to you , you then forward it to me and I 'll fill it out 
Teacher Hua this teacher also wants to print out a letter of recommendation and sign it 
Go to your classmates to help out 
OK 
My meaning is that I do n't know if there are American teachers that will finish writing it so soon 
You definitely want to be fast , you have to rush for seats at UPENN , just I already have 3 that have applied to UPENN , each with TOEFLs of 100 , first finish writing your SOP , so you need to be fast ! 
You are using oral mimicry to PK them 
Oral mimicry , to PK who 
For that U PENN just first use your current SOP 
Do n't you need to revise it ? 
For example in the educational experience area , did you supplement it or not ? 
I looked at it and it was fine , and I do n't know how to revise it , originally I was preparing to give it to an American professor to look at when going to class tomorrow to see if I should add anything else 
Take it then , at any rate we 're not going to SUBMIT today 
I am pushing BONNY to get my transcript verification done 
OK . I 'll have classmates take Teacher Hua 's letter of recommendation to him today to sign 
Gong Ji Zai 
I suddenly thought that I ’ve been using my little U drive for many years 
Hee hee hee , I have too 
Huh , I think this camera is still a little bit for dummies . Hee hee 
How are the results ? 
The results are still okay , but focusing is automatic , so I ’m a little bit unhappy 
Can you switch ? 
I ca n’t . Hee hee , it ’s just a camera for dummies~ 
It ’s just over 400 dollars , so these functions are about right 
Huh 
I ’m about to go home . See you later 
Okay 
How have you been recently 
OK I think , unbelievably busy 
What about you , how did you do on your graduate student tests ? 
I 'm sorry , have n't talked to you recently 
It does n't matter 
Are you busy 
I 've decided to go to South China University of Engineering 
Today I confirmed on - site 
( ⊙ o ⊙ ) 
Is it the Wushan campus 
Yes 
Ha ha , that is very close to South China Normal University 
It is , just one subway station 
Then do you have to return to the school next semester , and await graduation 
How did Ji'nan University =reply 
Reply 
I basically do n't need to do any reading next semester , I 'll return when the graduate thesis comes up 
I abandoned Ji'nan University myself 
Ji'nan University is so good 
Mainly its that our school here demanded the other side be a 985 institute 
It 's like that huh 
However , South China University of Engineering is also very good , furthermore it 'll be easy to find a boyfriend [ expression ] 
Hee hee 
You should still say you already have a master 
Wo n't need to celebrate the festival tomorrow 
For the moment I can say I do n't need to celebrate it tomorrow 
What about you 
single as before 
Then in the future you can come to South China University of Engineering , I 'll introduce you to some people 
Is he going to college in Guangzhou ? 
No , I 'll explain things in detail when we meet 
Oh ~ OK 
Is it daytime for you there 
At any rate I 'm returning in December 
OK 
Yes , nine o'clock in the morning , 14 hours difference from you there 
It is almost 11 o'clock for me here 
The school is inhumane , it 's going to cut the power and the internet 
Go and prepare to sleep soon then 
I thought you were home 
OK , at school 
I 'm preparing for finals 
Go at it ~~ 
OK 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
Good night then 
Wrong 
It is good night for me 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
Teacher Pan , I 'm going to sleep first . Good night 
Teacher Li 
? 
Sorry I ran into you while playing ball 
[ Oh God | Faint ] …… 
Take a look at [ WeChat mobile text and voice messenger | WeChat ] . I have sent you the photo 
Yeah , I see it now , haha 
Very big cup 
Right . Scared me =to death 
Teacher Pan , I have n't added you on [ Renren Network , formerly known as Xiaonei Network | Xiaonei ] ? 
It seems so 
I did n’t see a request 
Oh oh 
I 'll hurry up and add you 
Fight to be the hundredth 
Haha 
Haha 
Got it ? 
Yeah~ Quick , accept the “ circle of people ” 
[ Embarrassedly | Weakly ] asking how do I accept it .. ? 
Just look at where the request is 
I accepted it 
Okay 
Teacher Li , are n’t you sleeping yet ? 
I ’m slowly doing homework … … 
Hurry up and rest . Otherwise your dark eye circles will come again 
Do it when you get up tomorrow 
Efficiency is not high now , either 
My hair has n't dried either , anyway 
The hardship is too much 
I 'm going to sleep first 
Okay , okay . Good night~~ 
Good night 
? 
?? 
You are online 
I am online 
Oh 
Hee hee , but I 'm doing homework 
You 're well - behaved 
How are you ? 
I 'm drawing [ emoticon ] 
Oh . It 's obvious you 've finished homework 
... 
You 're (( making fun of )) me 
No. I 'll go back to doing my homework 
Okay 
Hoo , you 've changed 
?? 
What happened ? 
At any rate , you are cold to me lately 
How could that be ? ... Oh my ... 
I do n't know why you are like this 
I ca n't finish my homework 
Oh , then hurry up and do it 
My class is at 6 o'clock . Now I still have several questions which I do n't know how to solve 
I 'm anxious 
Yeah 
Please understand [ emoticon ] 
Okay 
The plural form of boy [ emoticon ] 
Hahaha , way too talented 
Going home ? 
Right . I ’m having my meal now 
I almost died laughing~ 
Look at that one that I forwarded =on [ Weibo microblog | Weibo ] 
Okay 
~~ 
Haha , who posted it on the wall ? So lacking in virtue 
Exactly , exactly . I viewed it twice , [ rolling with laughter | laugh so much that you spit out the contents of your mouth ] ~ 
That woman is so awesome , she ’s positively the second generation [ Luo Yufeng | Sister Feng ] ~ 
She was very much reveling in it too , hahahaha 
Fuck , gameboy ! 
As soon as that one appeared I almost spit out my food~ 
Will show you another one~ 
Possessed by [ cartoon pig McDull | McDull ] ~~ 
Okay~ 
This is way too funny !! 
I 'm going to wash dishes~ 
I 'm going to wash dishes too~~ 
Hi , Teacher [ emoticon ] ~ I wanted to ask how it 's coming with the SUNY documents ? 
Can you change them yourself BASED ON SOP ? 
Huh ? I have to final soon 
I 'm so busy I have cramps now . So many graduate students 
Plus the GRE WWII this weekend , the big shot 
I ’m also writing the SOP for a TESOL now 
Ask your subordinates or someone to help do it 
Each one has dozens of students 
I have a lot of things I 'm busy with too 
You do it as you see fit , because I do n't know how to change it either . It 's all of you that have the experience 
Thanks for your trouble . Investments of effort will have returns . Year - end bonuses and whatnot . Promotions , pay raises , or something . Keep it up [ picture ] 
It 's really stifling a real talent if you do n't become a professional manager in the Fortune Global 500 
Does n't one have to finish studying first ? Are n't I relying on you to help me receive a better education and ascend to a higher step ? 
I wo n't bother you anymore . Keep it up ! Pay attention to your health~ 
I actually forgot to bring my U drive back 
!! 
I can only go to take a look tomorrow morning 
Fortunately , there seemed to be few people 
It should be all right 
I hope so 
Otherwise , I ’ll be [ game over | GG ] 
What ’s GG ? 
Good game , but it means “ game over ” here 
My homework for optimization is in it … 
Oh~~ 
Ah !!!!! 
[ Do n’t | Watch ] worry . It ’ll definitely be there . If it ’s not there , I ’ll give mine to you 
So I have to write another one tomorrow morning , oh 
It ’ll definitely be there 
Yeah 
I often find U drives there , and I ’ll give them to the lady on duty 
Thanks for your encouragement , Teacher Li 
It should be okay 
I ’ll go over to take a look tomorrow morning 
Okay , I ’m going to bed . Good night~~ 
Good night 
Teacher Li , I ’m thinking of the Fruit Basket in the U drive , which will also be lost 
Can I have another copy ? 
No problems 
Great . Thanks , Teacher Li 
You ’re welcome 
At what time should I contact you ? 11 o’clock ? 
Yeah 
Thanks , Teacher Li 
Ha ha , you ’re welcome 
Teacher Li is really kind 
And is bullied by others 
Ha ha 
Master Pan , I ’ll go to bed first . Good night~~ 
Good night , Master Li 
How man ! 
Master Li 
Okay , I ’ll call you this in the future 
It matches my temperament so much ! 
Hee hee , good night~~ Buck up 
Good night 
Teacher , I do n't want to be here after I 'm done with this year ! I want to come home first and then go to Dubai ( from cell phone QQ : http://mobile.qq.com/v/ ) 
Oh , that works .
Being here one year is OK , I 'll first return to China , I am currently submitting resumes , if this does n't work I 'll likely need to go to Manager Yuan for help 
That works , if you need me to I can tell this matter to Manager Yuan .
Yeah , I 'll first rely on myself , if its really no good I 'll go to him for some help ! 
OK , no problem .
Thank you , the one year will end in February 
I need to go to work , go to bed early , teacher 
Will you come through Wuhan when returning to China . OK . Goodbye .
I probably wo n't go through there ! Later I 'll return to Wuhan to get my =household registration and see teacher , currently I have a boyfriend 
He is English , and is successful 
He 's going to Dubai next year and wants me to go with him 
Congratulations [ picture ] 
But I have to have a job no matter what 
You can go to Dubai first and get your job settled 
Right , if OK my mom says I need to study 
Teacher , sorry to bother you , may I ask how are you doing writing SUNY 's SOP ? 
I will only have time to write it after December 1 
Right now I am rushing to meet a December 1 DEADLINE for a paper 
You already have the ESSAY FINAL for 3 schools 
Please communicate with BONNY about the application matters for these three schools 
SUNY BUFFALO 's ESSAY subject is different from the SOP , so I only have time to write it after December 1 
OK ~ thanks . I still hope SUNY can be done as soon as possible , because it is my fail safe , if I can receive an offer I will be fairly worry - free [ expression ] 
I will communicate with bonny . You continue to work then , go at it [ expression ] 
If your GPA is 3.5 , all the schools will enroll you 
Its really too bad , you are already very perfect in other areas 
[ Picture ] I am just going to you to compensate for insufficiencies 
You there ? 
I 'm here 
What 's up 
Nothing , I want to tell you I wo n't be going out to dinner Thursday night , just want to go shopping on Friday 
Because having dinner will waste a lot of time , and I have a test Sunday 
Has that pervert contacted you 
Yeah yeah , it does n't matter 
Yes , he just sent a hey , I did n't reply 
Eh ...... 
Shocked 
Today I went to the Asian supermarket and bought a lot of food 
Wow 
Actually , I wanted to go , but I had to go to class , ugh 
I really want to go and buy some meatballs to eat 
I 'm preparing to do a hotpot 
Right , if shopping , do you know about how many people are going 
I bought quite a bit of meatballs 
I do n't know , just the several of us I think 
There is a female student from Zhejiang Normal University who is very close to me , she asked if we could bring her along 
I do n't know if she is bringing other people as well 
Because if we go , we 'll probably have to get up very early 
I 'll send her a message and ask tomorrow 
Today I already do n't want to talk to =her , tired 
How is it you are so tired today 
You 're about to go on leave 
How much did you spend buying food today ? 
I have n't had anything to eat all day ( besides 2 big pieces of durian ) , currently cooking , bought about 100 dollars worth 
I expect I wo n't have to buy anything for quite a while 
Durian ! 
100 dollars is a lot , and for one person 
I posted it on Weibo , haha 
A lot of stuff is to take to that hotpot at his place 
Recently , I have been in a very poor mood , I do n't know why , I really want to return to China ..... 
Ugh , you 're returning soon , hearten up hearten up 
Yeah yeah , returning to China is the glimmer of dawn !!! 
I 'm so envious , when I return to China I 'll eat non-stop 
I 'll eat non-stop for half a year and then go out again 
Ugh , child , hold yourself , do n't worry , there is half a year at least , right ? ! 
I just called home , and my mom said , my flight is arriving a little past six o'clock in the morning , and then we 'll go for tea after getting off the plane 
[ expression ] How is it so good ~ ! 
I will also stay in HK for 1 or 2 days before I can go home 
And I 'll eat everything I can in HK 
[ Ohh ohh | 55 ] , I think that going home is extremely good 
It is 
Ugh , I have recently been having a lot of acne 
It 's depressing 
You are under too much pressure , child , do n't work too hard 
When are you testing for G ? 
I really want to be just a normal woman , I do n't even make up my skin to be beautiful every day 
This Sunday 
Try different face masks every day , look at pretty shoes and clothes 
Boo hoo , it sounds hard , no problem , just suffer it out and it 'll be fine ~ 
Persevere , it will pass very soon ha 
Pat your head , embrace~ 
[ Fondle | tiger touch ] , ravage 
You 've spent too much time with older women .... 
[ picture ] Every day older women tell me to (( violate )) 
Teacher Chen , I will send you the documents that need to be filled out 
The specific requirements are those written on it 
Okay , thanks .
Got it .
It also has the hotel introduction . Wait a moment 
I 'll open the mailbox to look for it 
Okay .
I have sent it to the QQ mailbox 
How many are there ? He only needs 40 people to attend the interview this time . There are already 43 now 
About 10 people 
Oh , that many 
Is their English reliable ? Heh heh 
Not sure about their English skill . Let them prepare first . Let them enter the examination room if they can . Forget about it if they ca n't 
I will mention it to Manager Yuan tonight then 
See what he 'll say 
2 foreigners will come . There should be enough time 
I spoke to Manager Yuan . He said to see if they can enter the examination room . Let 's prepare first , then we 'll see .
Oh , okay then 
Are you home ? 
Are you in the office now ? I 'm home . What time will you come back ? 
Heh heh . Wait until they finish being busy and then they will call you about the activities 
I 'm in the office helping with things for the afternoon 
I wo n't be free until after supper . I have a dinner party today 
I wo n't participate in any activity today . Have to go to the airport at night 
Oh , I 'm afraid tomorrow is n't okay either 
I definitely do n't have time tomorrow 
Heh heh 
Are they leaving the day after tomorrow ? 
Leaving tomorrow 
I have time the day after tomorrow 
If you want to go play , I can fill in for you in the afternoon . Come over after dinner . I 'll leave for the airport at 8 thirty 
Alright .
I want to take a day off the day after tomorrow . I 've been working around the clock these days 
Wait and see how they will arrange things then . Keep in touch 
Are you contacting Principle Wang ? 
I do n't need to bother . Wenjie will arrange it 
He wants to go play 
Heh heh 
I 'll leave at 8 thirty sharp . It 's alright if you come before this 
I 'll go help then . Contact you later 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
How are you , Teacher Chen ? 
I am fine . You have not left yet ? 
I have been back for a month . I did n't dare to chat with you 
Not yet 
I have gone through 4 rounds of interviews for the American =company 
Why ? 
The last round of interview is with the general manager 
There are also two online tests 
Are you still in the interview phase ? 
The interview technology is rather advanced nowadays 
Have n't you been applying for the visa ? 
Yes , the last round of interview is with the general manager 
Not yet 
Teacher , you will not blame me , right ? 
Have you entered the final interview ? 
Yes 
I am still waiting 
Nope , why would I blame you ? 
Because I left the Sailing Boat hotel 
Actually , I almost won the best employee award for the entire hotel .
No , you should seek new opportunities .
Sigh , such a pity 
The American hotel is diamond five stars 
Actually I want to study abroad or emigrate 
I have applied for a position at the Abu Dhabi Emirates Palace hotel 
I passed the interview . However I rejected the offer a few days ago 
I originally thought your group sent you there . I heard later that it was provided by the agencies .
I found it myself .
Is this company trustworthy ? The society is very complicated nowadays .
Mom wants me to work for the Emirates Palace hotel , since nothing is required from my end and the company will pay for the air ticket 
Dad expects me to develop my career in China 
I just looked through its website and that hotel is real 
Also , this is the first time for me to attend 5 interviews 
Since you have already chosen to go to the U.S. , if the hotel is trustworthy , do n't keep changing your decisions . You will benefit if you can go to the U.S. 
There are still 2 more online tests 
If I ca n't go , my family will definitely chastise me for not going to Abu Dhabi 
You should reject the Emirates Palace hotel after you have completed all the procedures for the American hotel 
Because I have to pay for the plane ticket and visa fee myself if I go to the U.S. 
That is what I am thinking 
You should first secure the opportunity for the Emirates Palace hotel 
However , Abu Dhabi only gave me 14 days to consider 
Sigh 
Now , I am a little scared when I look back 
Will you get the final result for the American company at this moment ? 
It is indeed a suffering to stay at home without any income 
I am still waiting 
If you are only waiting , then it is not a big deal 
I have also applied for a famous university in U.S. and the final result will be announced by mid-December 
Have you taken TOEFL exams ? 
Teacher Chen , can I still go to school to learn ? 
I am preparing for ibt TOEFL 
The tuition is quite high in the U.S. Sure .
Because it costs $ 1,300 RMB for each exam 
I want to pass the first time 
Thank you , teacher 
Are you in school ? 
Yes , famous universities require a score of 100 and over on the TOEFL 
Having a school atmosphere is a little better 
Yes 
Yes , computer exams 
I know . It is quite tough to prepare for the TOEFL exams .
I will go back to campus on the weekend 
Tomorrow , right ? 
Most of the time I am in Huangshi . I will be there tomorrow .
I just want to study hard and wait for the result 
Either is Okay .
Are you going back to Wuhan tomorrow ? 
I am going back .
I am here .
Thank you so much , teacher 
Then I will bring the clothes , quilts and books to campus tomorrow afternoon . I will wait for you while I am studying . Is that okay ? 
No need to thank me . It is my responsibility to do something good for students .
I will check with Teacher Zhu .
Yes 
I do n't know whether there are empty beds in the dormitory .
Oh , okay 
I am looking over the photos you took with students . I miss those times 
It will be better for you to bring your luggage after contacting the dormitory .
Hopefully I can bring a semblance of professionalism to you when I come back this time 
You should be quite good .
Then I will wait for your update , okay ? 
Because it is not very convenient for me to go to school 
Okay . I will need to go out soon . You can contact Teacher Zhu .
Is she here ? 
Yes , that is good 
Not at home . Outside classes today .
Then I will talk to her tomorrow morning 
Call her after 4:00 .
Okay 
Okay 
Thank you , teacher , always helping your student , me , Zhu Xun , when I have no way out 
Hehe 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
I - PEX 
Is this the standard for the interfaces ? 
Antenna 
Do you mean the interfaces on the modules ? 
Yes 
It does n't seem so 
What standard is it ? 
We are looking for antennas .
You should be looking for antenna suppliers 
Yes 
I remember that there is the contact for antenna suppliers in the document 
Is there a built - in one ? 
The ones in the document are external ones supposedly 
Um 
Many antenna factories have built - in ones 
Oh 
You are looking for the GPS antenna , right ? 
not the RF antenna , right ? 
Do we need to do the commissioning test =again ? 
for the 3G one 
=Er 
Gps uses an independent one .
I have to ask our hardware engineers about this 
I saw a lot of customers using very simple antennas 
Oh 
It would be better if we do n't have to =redo it , if there is an antenna available .
I will reply to you later 
OK 
I will ask about the hardware 
It should be compatible with the frequencies of WCDMA and EVDO .
=Er 
The requirements for 3G antennas are not very high 
Ordinary antenna factories will be fine 
I asked about the hardware 
We still need to do the re-match 
Oh , 
There will be a charge for making it compatible again .
Really ? 
We must certainly test a custom antenna to see how well it is made 
I just asked a customer , and was told that there was no charge for making their antennas compatible again 
Is n't there a charge for a custom build ? 
Let 's take the production of an ordinary 3G antenna as an example 
They should normally test such things as transmission and space radiation for you , should n't they ? 
Do n't they charge the tooling fee and research and development fee ? 
I am not sure about this 
You can ask some more antenna factories 
Perhaps some manufacturers will not charge these .
You 'd better choose one that has made antennas for the modules of our company before 
Thus the cost may be even less 
Do you have any recommendation ? 
I 'm not sure about this 
There are many clients 
I have been to an antenna factory 
But I forget the name [ emoticon ] 
Where was it ? Baoan ? 
I remember that it was in Shangsha 
Oh 
OK . I will search for it on the Internet later .
You can search for some more , but you still need to configure it based on your machine itself 
Um 
That is because the different structure of your machine will affect the size and position of the antenna 
I suppose I can find a company that does not charge fees .
And it will ensure the commissioning is completed .
I once asked a client , and he said that no other fee was being charged 
But I do n't know about the others 
You can ask some more companies 
OK 
Because the antenna is relatively easy to match 
Unlike GPS antennas , which have too weak signals 
Um 
If your machine equipment is relatively formal , you had better use customized ones 
Some clients have customized antennas because their machines need to pass the CTA test 
There is a charge for customization , right ? 
I suppose so 
The antenna can be used in two formats , right ? 
Um 
Our antennas are universal for both W and EVDO modules 
GSC antenna connectors are several yuan more expensive than the IPEX ones 
They are called the [ spring | Chun Tian ] connectors , right ? 
[ Spring field | Chun Tian ] connectors 
I 've never heard of it 
You need to configure based on the interfaces on our modules 
There are only two types of interfaces on our modules , GSC and HSC 
Yes 
I just sent over a snapshot of the interfaces for confirmation .
=Er 
You there 
yes 
Have to , less than a week before I return and I still need to take tests 
Take make up tests for subjects I did n't have time to take before going abroad 
I expect I 'll break for winter break after testing 
Oh ... 
I thought you would directly go on break 
what 's up 
If I directly went on break than I 'd go after Christmas , ugh , its a pity 
Huh , about the same as the price in Hong Kong 
However I heard that HK 's were all purchased by cattle 
You ca n't get it in HK 
Its 2 - 3 months in line at least 
That 's too crazy 
That 's right 
I 'll help you buy an IPHONE5 when I come back next year then 
So with you in America , you really can make a lot ... 
Ha ha ha , OK 
Yeah yeah 
If you can then buy an unlocked one for me , white , 16G 
Can make 500 per cell phone , I 'll give you a cut if I make anything .. 
RMB 
OK OK , I 'll see 
Sorry to trouble you 
No problem , I wo n't necessarily be able to get any . Before they were saying the Apple Stores would have goods by the 23rd at the latest 
Yeah 
ATT store 
You take a look , bring one if you can , if not then forget it 
ATT 's are not unlocked 
Is that so ? They also have UNLOCKED that they can sell 
They do n't I think , only ebay and the apple store have unlocked , ATT and those are contracts 
ALEX said they had some ... 
He said he 'd ship it to me yesterday 
Are you using your American card for your school application fees ? 
If so , you must ensure that there is sufficient money on it in the next two weeks .
I have to spend about 170 USD =all the time 
Either the American card or the Bank of China card is fine 
You like it ? 
I have it , if 170 
OK . Just the same address as the transcript , right ? I mailed the transcript today . Mailing the recommendation letter and the transcript separately should n't be a problem 
Wait a minute . I 'll open an account and see if online recommendations can be made on it .
Okay . It 'd be best if online recommendations can be made 
OK . You ca n't mail it in separately . Online recommendations can be made 
You do n't need to mail it separately 
Are you there ? 
I was in a meeting 
I am here now 
What 's up ? 
Can the external antenna we tested last time be connected to a WCDMA module ? 
Yes 
The signal is not very good . The reading is only 18 or so .
Um 
That ’s how it is 
18 is completely enough 
EVDO can reach 30 
The network speed is slower in the case of 18 ! 
Um 
Unicom 's 3G network signal is not good 
You can go to other places to test 
The 2G Unicom network is 31 
Is the effect of the WCDMA module worse ? 
I 've tested a lot of =times 
Oh 
OK . Let 's test it here again .
Um 
Are you there ? 
I am here now .
=Er 
You need 10 modules ? 
? 
Um 
Do ME800 modules need to have the GPS functionality ? 
I will take 10 first 
No 
they are not needed at all 
Is it fine without the GPS functionality ? 
Yes 
OK 
You need to send the receipt of loan back to us .
What receipt of loan ? 
Oh 
Did n't we borrow two modules from you ? 
=Er . If you have paid for the two , you just need to tell Manager Yuan 
I suppose that he has the receipt of loan 
Oh 
Ok . Our procurement staff will contact him .
Um 
Is voice functionality required for the modules you need ? 
Yes 
All functions 
except GPS 
Um 
Did someone send the answer to the third optimization question to the yahoo mailbox ? 
... 
Only Teacher Li is supposed to have the answer , right ? 
Did n't I give it to you already ? 
I do n't have it 
Then I 'll send one now 
Okay 
It look like it 'll be extended to tomorrow 
It does n't matter 
I sent it . I sent it all to you guys at the start , yesterday 
Really ? 
It might be me who is too careless 
I 'm sorry , Teacher Li 
Right , almost one year , its so fast 
Flight leaves on the 19th , arrive in Guangzhou in the 21st 
I still do n't know when I 'll return to the school 
Are n't you returning to Guangzhou 
Yeah , I want to first return home and rest for a bit before returning to the school 
After returning I also have to test in the subject I delayed my test in [ picture ] 
Yeah , at any rate there is nothing to do here , it 's also fine if you come back after Chinese New Year 's 
Then are you going to continue to do your graduate studies ? 
I still have to take a test ! [ expression ] 
Huh ? Really 
I 'm continuing , I 'm applying 
Dragged to the present 
Initially they would n't let me test ahead of time , so they delayed the test one year 
What about you , are you going to graduate school or not ? 
No , looking for a job 
It 's unbelievably hard to find jobs for information technology teachers in the Pearl River Delta , I do n't hold any hope , and have changed my target to companies 
I am also preparing to go abroad 
Huh , you 're both looking for a job and preparing to go abroad ...... 
Applied to a reciprocal student project , however they still have n't called me for an interview 
Just playing at it , the selection for that is very strict , its very hard to go 
What does reciprocal student mean ? 
I think its a pain to find a job , I 'd like to first go abroad for the experience , taking advantage of having nothing to worry about at the moment 
That is true , once you work you 're not in control of yourself 
It also provides you with community colleges and the like I think , at any rate you have to take enough credits 
(⊙o⊙) Oh 
Do you want to come to America , OK , OK , we 'll go take a vacation when the time comes 
He he , I 'd really like to go see you 
That would also be quite nice 
Going abroad for one year can also be treated as exercising my speaking and what not , so I 'd be fairly competitive when I return to work 
That 's right , I also think so 
Furthermore , I also really want to go abroad to live for a while while I 'm still young , however you still need to have a driver 's license for America , it 's likely I 'll have to help out dropping off kids I think 
All these families are middle class or above , all have quite a bit of money 
Not bad not bad , where did you see this project , is the competition fierce 
If you get a good family it is very good , they will likely provide you with a language class to go to , what I fear most is encountering a bad family 
Generally , the families that apply for these project will not be too bad , if they do n't want to help you they would n't have participated in this program in the first place 
The intermediary organization said this , they said Chinese is currently very hot , and want to find Chinese people to teach children English 
This , I went on to Aupei to apply 
I wanted to tell you before , however I have n't waited for notification 
This website also says there are work opportunities 
Is that so ? 
I did n't notice , however some people have indeed put down roots abroad 
I just want to take advantage of having no worries at the moment to go live there a year and come back 
Yeah , see a different world 
Huh , the work refers to helping them take care of children 
Oh 
Similar to an international tutor 
But not a nanny 
OK , this is actually quite good , a tutor 
Its hard to say if you can travel any , have to look to see if the parents are generous or not 
There are always two day weekends and what not , you can do some short travel during those 
He he , however the review period is fairly long , generally you have to apply far ahead of time 
It seems to be like this 
No problem , you still have half a year before graduation 
So I 'm returning during winter break to take care of the children , if they want me , then I 'll have to prepare to take the driving test 
You have to train ahead of time to take care of children 
There are also European and American countries , the demands there are comparatively a bit lower 
He he , it says here you have to have 200 hours of experience caring for children 
The drivers license is not hard , furthermore , taking the driver 's license test is quite necessary , not having a car in America is like having a broken leg 
How does she know whether you have experience taking care of children or not , do you have to provide a picture ? 
Basically everybody drives a car 
Yeah , you have to provide a certificate 
Actually , being a tutor also counts 
Right , it is really very difficult if you do n't have a car , especially in small cities , where there is no such thing as public transportation 
Besides the super city of New York , which has subway public transportation 
Other places very rarely have public transportation 
Can you drive ? 
I have a driver 's license in China , however I have n't driven in a year now , and have forgotten everything 
I 'm also preparing to take the test here again before going out to do graduate studies 
You can only use a Chinese driver 's license here for a month 
Why 
However , its also that the rules are different there , right ? 
About the same I think , I did n't think there were any big differences 
Besides international driver 's licenses being recognized everywhere , basically when you go to a new country , the valid period of the driver 's license of the original nation is not long 
Then I wo n't take the test just yet 
The reciprocal student visa is hard to get 
But if you take the driver 's license test you can still use it in China 
Yeah 
It 's pretty hard to pass in Guangzhou , and my time would be fairly scattered if I return home to take it 
Currently , the competition in Zhongshan is worse than Shenzhen , they have very high requirements for teacher recruitment eh 
Yes , they say Zhongshan is going to be built into a strong education city 
That 's so that 's so [ picture ] 
There is a huge pile of graduate students , and Zhongshan 's public schools have gone to other provinces to recruit , this year South China Normal University was ignored 
Ha ha , so pitiful 
There are also several private aristocratic schools that are recruiting , saying they put quality before quantity 
That Bowen , the environment is n't bad 
Oh , Bowen 's environment is quite good 
So did you go to an interview 
[ picture ] Every time they talk about the various subjects I am puzzled , do the various subjects include our subject or not after all o ( ︶︿︶ ) o ugh 
At any rate the shape of employment for teachers is quite austere , however , its easy when it comes to companies 
Then its not as good as going to a company 
At any rate it 's freer 
I think the moral pressure on teachers is too great 
Yeah 
You have to be a person of exemplary values in everything 
Actually , this subject of ours is OK , however the schools and the students do n't place importance on it 
Furthermore we have to take supplementary courses and such 
Right , take computers 
The requirements for teachers are very high 
Supernatural 
Yeah , many directly ask what your strengths are when you go 
Some even want graduate students , and want men 
So I 've run into many walls 
Liming , its past 12 o'clock here , I 'm going to bed 
Success is always hard to attain , do n't be disheartened 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
How is your WINCE working out for you ? 
Are you able to make a dial - up Internet connection ? 
Yes 
How did you install the driver ? 
Was it compiled into the kernel ? 
Um 
There is no problem with EVDO and W , right ? 
Um 
After the driver is compiled into the kernel , it does not need to be loaded every time , right ? 
Um 
Automatically 
OK 
Have you tested the way of compiling both the W and EVDO drivers into the kernel , so that both the W and EVDO modules can be used ? 
Have you tested it ? 
Um 
Is that what you have done ? 
Yes 
I did it following your guidance ! 
No 
I was afraid that if you did n't do so , you would need to recompile it once you changed the modules later 
Oh 
We had a client who encountered this 
No. They are automatically recognized now 
The signal of the WCDMA module is not very good 
When they are both compiled in it , they can be automatically recognized 
Um 
I do n't get good results in other places , either 
Unicom 's 3G signal is not strong 
I always get full bars for the 2G signal 
Um . We are going to Hong Kong to test today .
OK 
After the testing , I would like to ask you how good the signal is in Hong Kong 
Yes 
Which is the network service provider in Hong Kong ? 
Unicom , or others 
=Unicom 
Mainly WCDMA 
=Er 
That 's good 
Go and have a test 
But it seems that Unicom 's download bandwidth has been enlarged . The download can reach 400KB in my last test 
Very fast 
240KB / S on average 
Oh 
In our test here , however , 
it is very slow 
You use Thunder to download 
The signal value is only 8 
It is even difficult to get on the Internet 
The signal is generally 13 , 99 
Have you connected the =anetenna 
Antenna 
It is an external antenna 
A built - in one 
Um 
has also been tested 
So low ? 
Yes 
It is impossible to get on the Internet 
Can you use the 5.0 driver I sent to you ? 
Even we can get on the Internet , the speed is also slow ! 
Um 
The signal is too bad 
You have to live with that 
We will get the test result in Hong Kong 
Let 's see how it goes today 
Um 
How was the test result in Hong Kong yesterday ? 
It was OK .
How =strong was the signal ? 
The signal was so good in Hong Kong ? 
That is for sure 
It is mainly WCDMA in Hong Kong 
31 means full bars of signal 
Um 
It would be pretty good if the signal reaches 18 , 99 in most places of Shenzhen 
=Unicom is not doing very well in the mainland ! 
Unicom is even promoting 3G when it is not able to provide good 3G signals 
Um . Its network has poor coverage and weak strength .
The most mature 3G technology was given to Unicom , but Unicom did not take good advantage of it 
Mobile will rise and catch up with it 
I do n't know how well TD is doing now 
I have no idea about TD , either 
But there are also problems 
Last time I bought a TD smart phone , and I kept missing calls with it 
Oh 
There was no problem answering calls on 2G , but there were some problems on 3G 
TD is not very stable 
The domestic technology still needs to be improved 
Is your WINCE5.0 driver also compiled into the kernel together with the W and EVDO ones ? 
You can also insert these two modules for use , right ? 
Do you have any recommended built - in antenna factory ?? 
Um 
Did you ask the one I mentioned last time ? 
I did n't find it 
In fact , I have not been to many antenna factories 
No specific company name ? 
Because these 3G antennas are easy to match 
Do a search on the Internet 
There are probably many of them 
with the good and bad mixed up 
You have to look at the scale first 
and select a few of them for a personal visit 
You should take your machine with you 
because you need to configure based on your machine 
Um 
Is your cold better now ? Or is it more serious ? You did n’t respond after reading the message I left for you , you are really not a good buddy [ emoticon ] 
I saw your message 
Heh , I did n’t see your message until now 
Did you go offline or make yourself invisible ? 
I made myself invisible .
This way it is more convenient to contact my wife in real - time 
Right 
Haha 
Hehe 
Heh heh 
How come you have learned to beat around the bush ? 
Hahahaha 
You are not being honest at all 
Do n’t make me depressed , I have a pile of things to do 
I have a meeting at nine - thirty . And I still have n’t gone there 
Have you taken your medicine or not ? Make sure you take time out to rest . Alright , remain online ! 
And yet you are still making these irresponsible and sarcastic remarks [ emoticon ] 
This is called curing a poisoned patient with poison , and your cold will get well , heh heh 
I went back to see Tutu at noon . Tutu asked Mom to feed her and ate well : One red bean bun , pork bone soup with soybean , kelp and peanuts , and fried Napa cabbage .
Tutu asked whether Mom would be changing her clothes or not . I guess she was hoping that Mom would change clothes and stay . She also asked where Dad was , and said she missed him .
Mom asked Tutu if she wanted to see Grandfather and Grandmother , Tutu said she wanted to . She also said it was the weekend and asked whether the roads would be congested . Mom was stupefied when she heard it .
Hahahahaha 
[ Oh God | Faint ] 
=Stupefied indeed ! 
Tutu woke up at 9:10 this morning 
Did n’t you place a recording pen ? Remember to place it once during these few days .
The daily routine is in a complete disorder 
Yeah 
I forgot to put it there 
In the future , one will be placed once a week 
Did you eat ? 
I already ate 
When I saw you asking me whether I had eaten , I was reminded that I needed to drink water . As a result , I drank so forcefully from the cup that water spilled onto my neck 
Ah , quick , wipe it off . Do n’t catch a cold 
I have wiped it 
By the way , as Mom was feeding Tutu , Tutu said that Mom had also fed Dad . Elder Sister laughed at hearing this , saying dad is enjoying a fortunate life 
She still remembers that I fed you last night , hoho 
Red bed sheets to serve as the backdrop . It ’s very vibrant ! OK , we will stop here for now . Tutu ’s photo shall accompany you the whole afternoon 
The Jinyu Chestnuts that everyone bought in a group buy has arrived . I ate some , they were tasty ! I already packed them , and you can eat them when you come home from work . You do n’t have to reply to me , focus on your work [ emoticon ] 
Ask the (( press office )) , how is the vehicle license ? 
OK , wait a moment 
I already got it 
Are you working overtime ? 
Did you forget to place the recording pen again ? Taken your medicine ? 
I had a meeting after I came here 
It just ended 
I have to meet a person later on 
There is another meeting at one - thirty this afternoon 
I have returned to my seat after having dinner and taking a stroll . Have you eaten ? Remember to take your medicine 
I had a meeting just now 
Did you take your medicine ? 
Is your cold getting better ? 
I took the medicine half an hour ago . Just now , someone was selling books in the office and I grabbed a lot of books . And I kept on sneezing .
Take the black tablet again at night , and I reckon you will get better 
I hope so . This cold is making me very uncomfortable . I ’m really getting old ! Do you still have a meeting this afternoon ? Will you be working overtime ? 
I reckon I will not have dinner at home tonight . It is not decided yet . Someone is coming over , and said that we should dine together tonight . I shall see whether I can decline it .
Hoho , there was a large bowl of leftover rice in the fridge from the day before yesterday . No idea why Elder Sister did n’t eat it yesterday . I ’ll go crazy if we have leftover rice again today [ emoticon ] 
There is a delicious treat . Will leave it for you to come home and eat .
By the way , I also grabbed an English 1,000 Sentences ( Welcome the Olympics and Learn 1,000 English sentences in 1,000 days ) for you , it includes a MP3 ! 
I just got online 
What ’s that ? 
It was already 12:00 by the time I arrived at my company after getting my teeth treated 
What ’s that ? Did I send it to you ? I had already forgotten about it . I forgot that you went to have your teeth treated .
You said you had a delicious treat for me 
Ha , you will find out when you get home 
How was your dental treatment ? 
One more visit to the dentist in January and it will be fine .
On which date will you go ? 
On the =11th 
I went to the university hospital this morning and got a lot of medicine prescribed again , for cold and for rhinitis too . I feel my heart rate is beating very fast , which might be caused by my stuffy nose . If it still does n’t work , I shall apply for leave tomorrow .
Did you take your medicine this morning ? 
At first glance , I thought it was little Tutu 
I even wondered when you took a photo of her 
Then I thought about it . But she did n’t have those clothes 
I took a careful look again , and it was n’t her 
I did n’t take the [ Bai Jia Hei cold medication | black and white ] . I feel it does n’t work and even harms the stomach . I will try the medicine prescribed by the university hospital and see .
That was a photo of another colleague ’s child forwarded by Lindang 's mom . She said the child looked a lot like Tutu . I sent it to test you . Hehe , to be honest , she is not as good - looking as Tutu 
Of course , she is not as good - looking as Tutu 
You should stop and consider whose daughter Tutu is 
She was borne of Tutu ’s mother 
That girl =has one - fourth Italian blood .
Our daughter is of pure Chinese blood 
Shall we go to Baodao tonight and have a look ? 
Did n’t Xiaomi go ? 
She did n’t go when she heard that it was in Shuang’an Market . At first she thought it was just across from here 
OK 
Working overtime ? 
I guess I will come home at seven 
I still have to work overtime for a little while . Do n’t over-exhaust yourself ! The weather is dry . Drink more water ! 
Are you feeling better ? 
You should definitely be fine tomorrow 
I have projected my energy flow to you 
Hehe , I have already given up hope 
The doctor suggested that I wear a face mask 
We will go off work at 3:00 today . I can go out and be happy for a while . I feel much better now . Thank you [ Little Donkey | Little Lv ] for your energy projection , fruit soup and massage . It ’s so nice to be ill ! 
I will have a look at glasses for you today . Remember to come home early ! Otherwise my heart will ache .
I have a meeting to discuss the performance evaluation and the distribution of year - end bonuses which starts at ten in the morning , and I have a meeting this afternoon to elect the best departments and best employees . 100 people will take turns to report their work one by one . I do n’t know when it will end .
Shall I go to select a pair of sunglasses for you this afternoon ? 
I suggest you first define the time limit for work reporting before the meeting , and assign a person to oversee it . Cut off the reporting when the time limit is reached . Otherwise , [ God knows how long | monkey year and a horse month ] it will take .
Yeah 
Take a look and select a pair of sunglasses for yourself 
As far as you are concerned , the more , the better 
They only supply lenses ! I ’m not so enthusiastic about sunglasses now 
Have you eaten ? 
The Easy Bonus Card can also be used at Chaoshifa Supermarket . Bet you did n’t know that ! 
General Manager Zhang , Attorney Liu said that the contract has to be confirmed and returned by noon tomorrow 
Okay 
General Manager Zhang , General Manager Lu just said that the 2012 version of the " Compilation of Rules and Regulations " needs to be reorganized . It has to be streamlined . The one before was too lengthy .
I want to ask , you asked Gao Hongxia to organize the Corporate Profile earlier . Has she finished organizing it yet ? General Manager Lu said that the original Corporate Profile was too long 
He said that we will use the Corporate Profile first and let the people in Guangzhou organize it .
This one was organized by Manager Liang earlier . I have n't shown it to General Manager Lu yet 
Tell General Manager Lu 
Take a look to see how it is first 
=But this one is too simple 
I felt that way , too .
All the departments have to submit their next month 's plan to General Manager Lu to check 
They have n't submitted it yet 
Has Li Yanli submitted it ? 
No , she has n't 
I just handed one over to the Finance 
General Manager Lu also has to sign the rating criteria 
The corresponding assessment rules for various departments will also need to be gathered and disseminated to all the departments 
Okay . Did you say that General Manager Lu also has to sign the " Job Level Rating Scheme " as well ? 
Yes , including the assessment rules for various departments 
Did you mean the area of business assessment by the " assessment rules of various departments " ? 
Yes 
Um , okay .
General Manager Zhang , I sent the contracting agreement to your mailbox already . Attorney Liu =revised it 
Okay 
Are you there ? 
Yes . I am invisible 
I can see that 
You do n't need to ask Wang Yong 
Things have changed 
Oh , OK 
You have n't asked him yet , have you ? 
One with too good qualifications is likely to scare him 
No. I did not even see him at all 
No 
Let me call you to tell you about it 
Ah ? No phone calls . It will be a waste of phone fees 
Never mind 
It does n't have anything to do with me , right ? 
No 
Telephone number ? 
Send it to me 
Yours 
It is even less necessary to make the phone call , then . I will go to chat with you tomorrow . I will go to your office to find Cui for lunch anyway 
Looks similar , right ? 
Does [ Rabbit | Tutu ] have it ? Like it ? 
I ’m torn . Shanshan said the sticker ones are expensive , just buy it at Golden Five - Star 
That makes sense . I 'll buy it at Golden Five - Star then . [ Rabbit | Tutu ] is madly in love with it , she can through several books in one day ! Ca n't see them even if I buy them now , I ’ll put it off first 
She can go through several books in one day [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] Looks quite similar , nevertheless 
Even dad was almost deceived [ emoticon ] 
They only look alike in this picture . It would be unusual if they looked alike in all randomly taken pictures 
So it seems , they occasionally look alike in some areas in the others , but nothing as similar as this 
Yeah . Keep this picture for the grandparents to evaluate 
These two children resemble each other in some areas nevertheless . They look so alike in this picture 
I 'll send [ Rabbit | Tutu ] 's picture to you some day , forward it for her mother to see whether they look alike 
Okay . Do you have it now ? 
I do n't have the recent ones .
See if there are any with a stronger resemblance among the ones when she was slightly younger 
Told Dong this morning that Kexin looks like [ Rabbit | Tutu ] , and she asked who [ Rabbit | Tutu ] was [ emoticon ] 
There 's one picture where they also look rather alike [ emoticon ] 
I 'm going to show it to Dong 
Waiting for the evaluation result 
[ Fulianjia Mother - Baby Supplies Store | Fulianjia ] is having 50 back on 300 storewide today 
Thanks for the tip . I can consider stocking up on some disposable diapers and whatnot .
Now that you mention it , I also have to buy some [ MamyPoko diapers | MamyPoko ] 
It 's good to stock up on some goods before the New Year 
We are about to run out of provisions at home [ emoticon ] 
What does [ Rabbit | Tutu ] use at night ? 
Huggies 
Gold packaging ? 
Dry and super thin type 
Does the butt get red ? 
Very seldom . I feel they 're pretty good , and not expensive either 
We use green Pampers and this type of Huggies during the day , and [ MamyPoko diapers | MamyPoko ] at night 
[ MamyPoko diapers | MamyPoko ] are more absorbent ? 
Bigger , so it should be more absorbent 
My husband does n't like [ MamyPoko diapers | MamyPoko ] , says they are not as good as Huggies .
I think they 're too wide , just use them at night . That Huggies one is quite good . Narrow , does n't spread the legs too terribly 
Right . I do n't use them during the day . I do n't think they are comfortable 
So expensive , almost 2 yuan a piece . I feel the price has increased 
There are also some colleagues who say that [ MamyPoko diapers | MamyPoko ] are good . At least they are good value for money 
It ’s just that they are too wide . I think Lingdang can even use M now 
Are you there ? The jujubes have been purchased through a group buy 
27 yuan for 3 - star 
35 yuan for 4 - star 
[ Group buy | Group ] ! 
46 yuan for 5 - star 
Is it from Taobao ? 
No , Jieqing purchased it through a group buy , it ’s that place where you saw the jujubes the time =before last 
The Zizhu Bridge one 
Do you think the 4 - star is enough ? Sometimes a 5 - star is n't as good as a 4 - star 
The 5 - star one from last time was very good . I ate one of Jieqing 's 
How many bags ? 
I want the 5 - star ones , then 
4 bags . Is it too much ? 
That 's all right . Adding in these two bags I already have 6 bags 
Two pieces for Lingdang every day 
The effects of two jujubes a day for [ Rabbit | Tuzi ] were good too . Just order 4 bags . Thanks for your trouble 
Okay . It 's no trouble~ 
Give me a mobile number 
Dear , after you save it , dial my number once 
I ’m calling you . Do n't answer it . Save it 
Haha , we think along the same lines , only that I ’m a step slower 
Wanted to call you so many times but did n't have the number . Depressing . When I thought of it today , I asked for it immediately 
[ emoticon ] It seems that I have also had the situation where I wanted to look you up but realized I did n’t have your number 
Oh , Comrade [ emoticon ] 
Also , two bags of the 4 - star ones for Niannian [ emoticon ] 
Why do n't I get 2 bags of the 4 - star ones too ? For myself to eat 
The ones which I bought last time were eaten by myself [ emoticon ] 
Lingdang is grown now . I think we can try giving her the 5 - star ones [ emoticon ] 
Soaking jujubes in water to drink after frying them till they darken in an iron wok can treat stomach cold and gastritis . Then , adding in longans , it becomes a tea for nourishing the blood and energy .
Jujubes , peanuts , longans , and then adding brown =sugar , add water and slowly stew in a pot . Stew till it gets mushy . If eaten on a long - term basis , the effect of nourishing blood is very good .
There should be no problem with Lingdang eating them . I even put them in porridge and boiled them till they get mushy . Peel the skins and remove the pits for [ Rabbit | Tuzi ] to eat , she loves eating them ! 
Lingdang started eating jujubes at 7 or 8 months to nourish her blood . I ’m worried that she 's anemic 
She 's the same as [ Rabbit | Tutu ] , loves eating them ! Two every day do n’t seem to be enough 
She 's being raised very well ! 
Babies nowadays are all very fortunate . Dad and mom are both very meticulous [ emoticon ] 
Heh heh , a colleague says that I 'm too careful , says it 's quite good for her baby to be raised coarsely too 
For a baby girl , it 's good to be more meticulous 
If it were a baby boy , I would n't bother this much either [ emoticon ] 
Hoho . It 's really a baby boy for them 
There are differences between boys and girls~ 
For girls , you definitely have to be more careful 
[ emoticon ] Interact more~ ! 
I seriously agree , let ’s work hard together 
[ Rabbit | Tutu ] 's mom , have you brought the money or =not ? 
4 bags of 5 - star , 46 x 4 = 184 yuan 
I ought to have it . Can the goods arrive today ? 
Yesterday Jieqing said the group buy was too much this time , too much cash , we must pay in the morning . I reckon the jujubes can arrive today , it ’s very close to here [ emoticon ] 
Okay , will give it to you later .
I still =do n’t have small change . Wait till I go home and have a look~ Will give it to [ Rabbit | Tutu ] ’s mom in the afternoon 
No hurry , there ’s still time to do it even in the next year 
[ emoticon ] Try not to drag on till next year 
There is money in the inter-store card now . It 's just that the money amount is rather strange 
2100 
Increased by 500 every season 
Yes . 500 on New Year 's Day ? 
It could n't be 
Not issued on New Year 's Day ? 
I heard that it has inflated 
Is it waiting for Spring Festival to be issued together ? 
Heh heh . Hope it can subsidize family expenses ! 
[ Money | silver ] is =very tight . Have to pay rent at the start of next month , buy New Year goods for the New Year , and we have to give presents to the parents on both sides , and also the nanny 's wages , [ monetary gifts in red envelopes | red envelopes ] , the =pressure is so great ! 
[ Image ] Same here , same here~ However , my rent no longer needs to be paid , ca n’t pay it even if I want to . The landlord is n't renting out anymore [ emoticon ] 
Oh ? Then where will you be moving to ? Where will you celebrate the New Year ? 
It ’s rented till March 
Going back to my own home for the New Year 
Oh , I thought you had to move during the New Year celebration ! 
This is fine then ! Hope you can find a house near the press 
Yeah . It 'd be best if it can be a smooth transition 
If not I can only move back there [ emoticon ] 
You should pay attention to the house listings after the New Year .
Yeah . Yes , I hope it can be a smooth transition ~ ! 
Hello , Xiao Chen ( From iPhone QQ : http://mobile.qq.com/v/ ) 
Hi , I wrote to you yesterday , but did not send it out 
Happy New Year 
Happy New Year ! 
++ has sent you something 
I 've received your scarf , which I 'm just wearing . It 's warm , elegant and comfortable . I like it very much ! 
Great 
I am glad that you like it 
You have good taste , and also understand my aesthetic appreciation very well ! Today we have to go to work , and will have a vacation tomorrow .
You are at the weekend , right ? Is your baby naughty or nice at home ? 
The Qiao Hu that you gave Niu Niu as a present is her favorite 
He watches it every day 
Ha - ha ! Tu Tu loves to watch Qiao Hu the most , too ! 
He also likes to watch Cars . Niu Niu must like it , too , right ? 
I am now on holiday 
Is it the Christmas holiday ? 
Christmas =and New Year 
What date does your holiday end ? 
I will go back to work on January 3 
I applied for my Q number for work just one month ago . The leader has declared that it is not allowed to be used for chatting , so I can just have a chitchat [ making use of every single second | sticking in a needle when seeing a gap ] .
Ha - ha 
You must be very happy to stay at home playing with your baby ! 
Will you take her out today ? 
But I am willing to be caught as long as I can chat with you for a little while 
I will take Tu Tu to the houses of his paternal and maternal grandparents tomorrow and the day after tomorrow , 
Are you still at work today ? 
Yes . I will take a leave from the 1st to the 3rd .
Oh , be sure to let me know if it is inconvenient for you 
I saw the pictures of Niu Niu . He is growing very well , white and clean , strong and sunny , 
Thanks for your compliments 
Hehe , we have a network monitor , 
He [ has been having a runny nose | became a big slug ] for the past few days 
Did Niu Niu catch a cold ? 
Poor sick baby 
The condition is slight 
It is not serious 
He just has a runny nose 
Even so , you need to get him to take medicine quickly , before the condition worsens . Tu Tu has rhinitis and always has a runny nose , which we thought as a cold 
He can still play like crazy 
Many children have allergic rhinitis , which can be easily mistaken for a cold 
Boys are always very energetic 
OK . I will call to ask the doctor 
I like to see sunny babies very much . I hope that they can always be sunny , because I have experienced too many things that are not sunny 
As long as they do not experience our nightmares again 
Yes , but many people have unknowingly copied their parents ' ways . I hope we do n't 
We will not treat our children the way our parents did to us 
Yes , like friends 
When do you go online in general ? 
Does Tu Tu speak a lot ? 
She speaks a hell of a lot . She is loquacious .
She likes to recite Tang poems very much recently 
I am generally online this time 
I see . We may have a chitchat at this time from now on when it is convenient for both you and I , or leave a message to each other .
and after 10 o'clock at night your time 
OK 
I can not get online at night . I can only do so in the daytime . Hehe , I am going to have a lot of bad records 
Tu Tu can already recite Tang poems ! Amazing 
In fact , every kid can recite them 
Niu Niu ca n't even count numbers clearly 
He does not know a sentence 
I can send you some Tang poems I =downloaded from the Internet . Perhaps Niu Niu will like them . Niu Niu is still young . Take it easy 
OK 
Meanwhile , boys are slightly slower in language development 
We can exchange some more parenting skills later 
Sometimes I was anxious when I saw that he was going to say something but just could n't .
I am on a deadline at work 
OK 
Go ahead with your work 
I will leave you a message when I have time 
Talk to you later 
OK 
bye 
Talk to you later . Take care ! 
Happy New Year 's ~ 
Thank you , Happy New Year 's 
Happiness to the entire family 
What 's up with you ? 
Thank you 
Nothing 
I went to eat at Saizeriya a few days ago 
Oh , and then 
How is it you did n't call me ... 
I did n't know you were working below , did n't you say you were at the provincial branch ? 
Yes 
We are all going to be transferred to a lower position for a year 
I did n't think you 'd have returned to China , looking for a job or doing what ? 
Returned to graduate 
Write my thesis 
Do we need to submit our lab assignments or not ? 
Frightening , I do n't know 
Probably do n't need to I think 
At the time before we left we submitted all the assignments we needed to 
Then I wo n't worry about it 
Yeah , if the Teacher does n't bring it up we do n't need to remind him 
I discovered that JAVA is quite difficult 
Right , I am currently reading it . I think even if it 's open book I still wo n't be able to do it 
Do you select D for this question ? 
I have n't reviewed it yet 
You there or not ? 
? 
I sent you a message did you see it ? 
Yang Shujian wants to plan a lunch with us on the 4th 
Do you have time ? 
I should 
Liqiu still has n't returned 
Then lets first set it for noon on the 4th , Yang Shujian is going to HK on the 5th 
Oh , OK 
Which classroom are we =at tomorrow 
== 
West 202 
Test begins at 9 o'clock 
OK thanks 
No need 
12,000 RMB 
How much is the ticket from Beijing to Newark on January 27th ? 
12,000 RMB 
How much is the ticket for direct flight from Beijing to Newark on January 31st ? 
How much for January 25th ? 
No ticket for 25th 
How about 26th ? 
No 
Is there ticket on 28th ? 
Which day for the end of the month is cheap ? 
No 
6,500 RMB 
How much for 31st ? 
Is there ticket to Philadelphia on 27th ? 
It is also Okay on 25th or 26th 
How much ? 
How much ? 
7,300 RMB 
Is there ticket during mid-January from Beijing to Newark ? 
Around 19th 
It is also okay on 15th or 16th 
Nope 
Is there any ticket for indirect flights ? 
No ticket is available for all of January ? 
There is ticket on January 31st 
Only this day ? 
The ticket is cheap on this day only 
Let me check the ticket price on January 29th 
The ticket price for January 29th is 9,200 RMB 
Is there any before that ? 
Nope . There is a ticket for indirect flights 
How about the ticket from Beijing to New York ? 
In January , on which day is the ticket cheap ? 
January 31st 
On which days for flights from Shanghai to Newark or New York ? 
Around 26th or 16th 
Are you okay for indirect flights ? 
For indirect flights , there are tickets for all these days . None for direct flight 
How about the indirect flights from Beijing or Shanghai to Philadelphia on 25th ? 
Yes 
How much ? 
Which one is better ? 
Both flights to Philadelphia or EWR are fine . However , they are not from Continental Airlines and they are not direct flights 
How much for the flights to Philadelphia ? 
6,800 RMB 
How much for the round - trip ticket for 10 days or so ? 
11,800 RMB 
Is that the cheapest except for AA ? 
Except for AA , there is no ticket for all other airlines before 26th January .
Order a one - way ticket on 25th January from Beijing to Philadelphia . But can I have a return trip for B2 visa ? 
Even my mother - in - law is asking you 
Oh , okay . Please tell me the name of the passenger 
I am not quite sure . You can get an itinerary which works for return trips 
I also need to order a round - trip ticket from Beijing to Philadelphia on January 25th and from Philadelphia to Beijing on February 8th or so 
Okay 
For the round - trip , name is Wang Qinghua 
Is there any discount for buying two tickets ? 
Hehe 
How long is the staying period for the round - trip ticket ? 
Thanks 
Which one are you referring to ? 
The round - trip 
Return on February 8th 
Around that day 
Are they the same for departure ? 
Yes 
For departure , connecting flight time is required 
For the first one , the connecting flight time is 5 minutes less than 3 hours 
For the other one , it is more than 4 hours 
Then choose the second one 
It is safer to have 4 hours to change planes 
Are you sure ? 
What 's up ? 
Ok 
Good 
How much is the one - way ticket ? 
How much is the round - trip ticket ? 
Cheaper 
Thanks 
Let me calculate 
Well 
The price for one - way ticket is 6,800 RMB ; the price for round - trip ticket is 11,800 RMB 
Can the price be cheaper ? 
Two tickets 
I can deduct 300 RMB at most since I only make 400 RMB in total 
For the one - way journey , can you make it round - trip on the ticket ? 
How much is the total amount ? 
One - way ticket and round - trip ticket 
6,800+ 11,800 - 300 
It is 150 RMB discount for each ticket 
That 's fine 
Then let the one - way ticket be 6,500 and the round - trip ticket be 11,800 
Yes , that is okay 
Then please help me order 
For the one - way ticket , name is Zhu Xiaohong . On the ticket , please help me make it a round - trip ticket with staying period of half a year 
For the round - trip ticket , January 25th - February 8th or so 
What 's the most ideal date for the return trip ? 
Decide now . There are tickets on the date of the return trip 
For round - trip ticket , the passenger should stay more than 3 days and less than 30 days 
One - way ticket , Zhu Xiaohong , female , G34035415 , February 2nd 1959 , March 18th 2019 
Round - trip ticket , Wang Qinghua , Male , November 15th 1962 , December 4th 2021 
How do you want to pay ? 
What payment options do I have ? 
Tell me your account No. for China Construction Bank or Industrial and Commercial Bank of China 
It is also ok for Agricultural Bank of China 
The passengers depart from Beijing , correct ? 
Yes 
Are you in Shanghai or Beijing ? 
Beijing 
Okay 
Please have a look at the time . If there is no change , I will print the ticket 
Sure 
Confirm this 
Okay . I will print the ticket 
One - way ticket , 6,500 ; round - trip ticket , 11,800 
Correct 
Okay 
Have you reserved the round - trip ? 
Yes , it 's ready 
=Itinerary and the reservation number 
Itinerary and the reservation number 
Confirmation number ISYKMB 
The connecting flight time is only 1 hour and 50 minutes 
Is it enough ? 
There is no baggage to take for the return trip and it is only the connecting fight 
I am talking about the return trip 
That is what I am talking about 
There is baggage to take for the departure trip , but none for the return trip 
There is no baggage to take for the return trip . Also , this is the only flight 
Is there an earlier flight from Philadelphia to Chicago ? 
Is there any flight at 2:00 PM or so ? 
or 3:00 PM ? 
Yes 
How about this ? 
For the return trip , you have chosen February 8th , right ? 
That 's it 
Ok 
Shall I choose February 8th ? 
Okay 
If this is correct , then I 'm printing the ticket 
Do a final verification to make sure nothing is wrong 
Ok 
Valid period : staying for over 3 days and no more than 3 months . 1,500 RMB for change of date . No refund 
Ok 
Help me add a return trip to the one - way ticket 
Return trip for half a year 
Thanks 
Ok 
You want me to make a return trip itinerary , right ? 
Yes 
Which date ? Please choose yourself . It is free of charge after all 
Is it usually done this way ? 
July 23rd 
Okay 
Or July 20th 
Okay 
Which day do you choose ? 
Either is okay 
Then let 's choose 23rd 
If I do want to order a ticket , can I secure that date ? 
There is no problem 
Okay 
I can only see the return and can not see the departure 
Can you send it to me again ? 
Take care of the departure as well 
Okay 
Is this an electronic ticket ? 
Or will you send me the ticket separately ? 
Failed to receive 
Please send it again 
Will you still mail the ticket ? 
Yes , the invoice will be delivered by courier 
Okay 
The other one 
Electronic itinerary 
After you make the payment , please send me a text message or call me . My mobile phone number is 13774294563 
Can I have your contact details ? 
Ok 
People 's Procuratorate of Linyi , Shangdong 
Could you please tell me the title on the invoice ? 
Please leave a message . I will send the invoice by courier when I come back . I will need to attend the exam first . Call me 
She only sent one 
Aunt , are you at work ? 
I am working , too . I work at a small loan company 
Is your mom still working ? 
She was working in a kindergarten some time ago 
Two weeks ago , my aunt 's husband died from a car accident 
She had to take care of my aunt , so she quit 
I see 
My sister - in - law may be pregnant 
It 's not necessary to go to Shanghai 
So , my father and mother may go to Shanghai 
Still not sure at the moment 
They want to go , so I asked them to seek the opinion of # # # 
That 's right 
If they do n't like it , just do n't go 
My sister - in - law may not necessarily want them to go , because things got very ugly between them and her the last time they went to Shanghai 
They want very much to go , with a strong desire to be grandparents 
Exactly 
Old folks 
I feel that it is not necessary to go since their relationship is already so strained 
Their daughter - in - law 's own mother is more suitable 
Exactly 
It 's a thankless job 
I will lay the pros and cons on the table for them 
and persuade them not to go 
If they need them , fine 
If they do n't want them to go , just do n't go 
so there wo n't be anything to complain about in future 
True 
What are you doing ? ?? 
Are you done with your homework ? 
You talk too much 
???????????????? 
When I logged on , all of them were your messages 
… 
From which year ? 
From today ! 
What can I do if I ca n’t finish writing ? 
Plus the previous ones 
Make one … 
Good ! 
Where to write the name ? 
Moreover , does this essay need a title ? 
I think not … 
Write the name on the page header 
Oh 
I ’d better withdraw from class … .
Ah ? Withdraw from which one ? 
I ’m still hesitating 
Wow , tell me when you decide 
Why ? 
I also need to think about it carefully if you withdraw the entrepreneur from class 
Ha ha ha 
Are you anxious ? 
I ’ll definitely withdraw secretly . I ’ll still go to the class after I withdraw , and I’lll tell you I withdrew at the end of the semester 
I hate you ! 
How did you write to that damn teacher finally ? 
What I was thinking is that the teacher asked students to be very familiar with one thing through a variety of observation and practices ; if they need to achieve the four requirements , it has to be through observation , practice and analysis , like this , like this , so on so on 
I ’ll go to bed ! 
Good night ! 
Girl , are you there ? 
I am going to have lessons soon ( from iPhone QQ : http://mobile.qq.com/v/ ) 
Oh , then go ahead and do your own things . Miss you .
Girl , do you have lessons ? 
Girl , are you there , dad is missing you .
Just woke up ( from iPhone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
Have you all had the New Year 's Eve dinner ? 
What time should it be now over at your end ? 
Not yet , I just got home from Huangshi .
7:30 
Oh . Do you have lessons today ? 
Yes , I do 
Then you go have lessons . Is your cold better now ? 
Then have n't you gone to have the New Year 's Eve dinner ? 
The New Year 's Eve dinner is on the day after tomorrow .
My throat has not recovered yet 
Oh 
Your mom said that it is rather annoying 
Have you taken your medicine ? 
Yes , I took it 
Are your body aches better now ? 
Your mom wants you to drink more hot water 
Yeah . This is =better 
It 's mainly because I did n't rest well , the pressure is huge 
Your own health can only be taken care of by yourself 
You still have to make some self - adjustments for it to work 
OK 
I will call you all tonight 
Then go ahead and do your own things . Time is precious . Remember to take your medicine .
OK 
Are you there ? 
I 'm here , I 'm here 
I have an important question : are there any restrooms there ? 
Mmm ... I bet there are n't 
So what should I do ? 
Settle the problem right on the spot 
It 'll be all right . Teacher Ge and I can form a circle to help you 
How do you guys have the same ideas ? 
We do n't mind ... 
I mind !!! Damn it ! 
I definitely ca n't do that 
Then take some baby diapers with you ... 
Just the kind which can be both wet and dirty ... 
You are more unreasonable than I imagined 
Bury them at the end after suffering ... 
I saw some restroom symbols on the map 
Those are restrooms for men 
It does n't matter - I 'm a male 
Or you can go swimming in lakes , and settle the problem while swimming ... 
Is it that hot there ? 
Who organized this ? 
An undergraduate from upenn 
His name is Gui Jiaxun 
Is n't there a more detailed plan ? 
Not yet , at present 
Because there is one more month left 
Okay 
It will probably be talked about several times during this time 
I 'm planning to drag a woman to go with me . In such barren hills , I wo n't take her back if she refuses me after I reveal myself 
Have you found a candidate ? 
Or find a male 
Damn it ... I ca n't come back then ... 
How about Teacher Pan ? 
Teacher Pan has Teacher Ge already ... 
I want a virgin ! 
So many requirements 
I 'm not an easy person , are I ? 
Ha ha 
Yeah , yeah , yeah ... 
Do n't you have a gym card ? 
Right 
[ It 's like that | dark reddish purple ] 
No 
Nobody is going with me 
How lonely it is to go alone ... 
Compare muscles with a bunch of [ dark - skinned people | black uncles ] ... 
You can ask us if you want to go . We go there every week 
Okay . I will certainly apply for one next semester 
Will you wait for next semester to apply ? 
Is n't it only allowed to apply in July or August every year ? 
Oh ? I applied for mine in October 
But I 'm not sure either 
Oh ? It 's like that ? 
Or go ask ? 
Yeah , I 'll go ask when I have time 
What do you usually do in the gym ? 
Yoga ? 
Weightlifting ? 
(( Decisive )) basketball 
And then bicycling and such 
Why wo n't you go to Hawaii ? It looks great 
Mainly because I 've already agreed with another person 
With whom are you going ? 
It 's that organizer 
He wants to have a date 
I do n't know who will become the tragic female [ leading character | pig feet ] 
Ho ho ha ha ! 
It turned out he has a purpose 
Ugh ... a wretched idea ... 
It never =succeeded 
It never succeeded 
Ah ? You have never had a girlfriend ? 
I definitely have 
I was saying that my wretched plan has never been achieved ... 
I was wondering ... 
But it should be quite easy to cultivate feelings when going to camping 
I want to find my female [ leading character | pig feet ] !!! 
Hurry up ! 
Right . Who will lend me a hoe ? 
I 'll go [ steal others ' girlfriends away | undermine the foundations ] everywhere~~ 
Just =kidding . Heh heh 
Hee hee~ 
Well , I will gossip a bit 
Say it ! 
Teacher Ge and Teacher Yang ? 
Oh ? 
Oh , is n't it ? I feel they have quite a tacit understanding 
Do n't they ? 
I absolutely did n't see it ... 
Oh , okay . I still trust women 's sixth sense 
However , I am also quite slow . But from my understanding of Teacher Ge , Teacher Yang is probably not his type 
Oh~~ 
Okay ... 
Teacher Li sings very well 
Really ? Ha ha ha ha 
You can try Wang Fei 's songs 
There might be extraordinary effect ! 
They 're too high for my voice ... 
Teacher Li , hurry up and scout around for a girlfriend for me 
Otherwise , I 'll really go with Teacher Pan on March 3rd ... 
It 's really a season when everyone is looking for a partner in marriage . How do you feel about Su ? I think she 's the only one who 's single 
She 's not my type~~ 
It really seems like everyone is looking for a partner in marriage !!! 
Fortunately , the proportion is fairly harmonious ~ ~ 
What 's your type ? 
A female 
Alive 
Just kidding ... 
I like girls who have Teacher Pan 's character , Teacher Ge 's handsomeness , and Teacher Li 's height 
I fully comply with these ! 
Then will you go with me ? 
Your boyfriend will immediately bury me at the foot of a mountain ... 
Ha ha ha 
Do n't you have any requirements about their appearance ? 
It would be good enough if she was as pretty as Teacher Li 
What you said sounds like I am the minimum standard [ emoticon ] 
Wo , you =bastard , you actually are n't responding to me ! 
Ha ha 
Are you there ? 
I just came back from biking ... 
How can it be ? Teacher Li goes to bed so early every day ! 
It 's you who go to bed so late every day 
Yeah ( From weChat : http://weixin.qq.com/q ) 
Hehe 
Not gone to bed yet ? 
Are you =back in Wuhan ? 
Came back yesterday 
Everything 's ok ? Everything 's fine with your godsons ? 
Yes , they all had a wonderful time 
Ate , slept , slept and ate , living like a pig 
Haha 
Thank you for visiting my father and mother during Chinese New Year 
They were very touched 
Do n't mention it 
I had n't been able to find them 
I went back previously and had always had this idea that 
I would visit them whenever I go back in future 
Anyway , thank you very much 
You 're welcome 
They are doing quite well 
They may be over at my aunt 's these days 
Have you been to that house ? 
Nope 
It 's a tad small , but very cozy 
I have not gone back to Yongxin for ten years 
It 's kept very clean 
My mother does the tidying up alone 
Hehe 
My father only lives in his own world 
The two old folks are quite healthy 
They look very energetic 
That 's good 
Huiying went along this time too 
I am also very thankful to her 
Huiying is also quite pitiful , her hubby has cancer 
What ? 
Oh God 
It seems that he 's not doing well again recently 
It has been like that for quite a few years 
# # # behaved very badly at this gathering 
Why ? 
Was he too boastful ? 
He made Huiying cry 
I called Huiying yesterday 
He did n't pay much attention to the occasion when talking ? 
It seemed so 
# # # proposed a toast to Huiying 
He was up to something at the side ? He made Huiying cry ? 
It was agreed that Huiying would drink red wine , and he would drink two glasses of beer , but after Huiying finished her drink 
# # # left after downing only one glass 
Huiying let it go at that 
She let it go , considering it happened at the drinking table 
She did n't make a fuss 
Right 
Xiehua definitely [ felt lost | could not find north ] when agitated 
In the end , # # # stood up and proposed a toast to Huiying , clinking the glasses hard , and breaking Huiying 's wine glass 
Hold on 
All the wine spilled onto Huiying 's clothes and face 
Yes 
Gosh , do n't you think [ something was wrong with this person up there | this person has water in his brain ] ? 
Was that necessary ? 
Huiying said , why should I suck up to him ? 
Do n't be so serious about what happens at the drinking table , that 's all 
As I had to set out at 7 o'clock the next day , I went back after dinner 
In the evening , # # # actually also said on QQ that I was also very snobbish and hypocritical 
Something 's wrong with him , right ? 
He said he is n't my friend , that we belong to different worlds and he =has the right to choose his friends 
As if I sucked up to him to befriend him 
Gosh , do n't you think something 's wrong with this person ? 
I was very furious . I really do n't want to see him anymore . I already withdrew from the group yesterday 
Do n't be mad 
Not worth it 
Right 
He wants others to revolve around him 
What kind of person is this ? 
Self - righteous 
Do n't think too much 
OK 
What 's past is past 
You 're doing well on your own , there 's no need to get mad over these people who have nothing to do with you 
It 's not worth getting angry over him 
It 's just that Huiying had to go through the nonsense 
Huiying felt very embarrassed 
Furthermore , a gathering =is a gathering , it is not to fight and see who is better 
Talk about someone like that in front of the classmates 
He 's too self - righteous 
I did n't know that before 
I already felt it a little like that when I was in Beijing 
He craves for public attention too much 
No wonder he keeps telling me he will be very successful five years later 
People with no common goal can not make plans together 
Exactly 
Huiying is very pitiful 
Yes 
What can we do ? 
So young 
Nothing can be done now 
Show her care and concern often 
That 's all it can be done 
OK 
But she has also withdrawn from the group 
Did you see it ? 
Bingbing said so yesterday 
Oh 
I guess she was also very pissed 
Yes 
Did they say anything in the group ? 
No 
Recently , very few people show up in the group 
I guess they are all not back yet 
I 'll tell # # # off when I have the time 
Haha 
Ignore him 
He called me five times today , I did n't accept 
Did n't pick up 
That 's right , give him the [ cold shoulder | cold face ] 
How many days off do you still have ? 
I 'm going to work the day after 
So fast 
Yes 
Anything interesting happened at the gathering ? 
Everyone had a wild time 
There were some games 
Matching boys with girls 
I think I also saw # # . Was he also there ? 
He was n't there 
You must have recognized the wrong person 
Maybe , There must be =someone who resembled # # very much 
Hehe 
I could n't recognize most of the guys 
The girls are still forever young 
This time , I basically recognized everyone 
and could also see the signs of age 
You look the same as ten years ago , you sure have a way of looking young 
Do you know Xiaoyan ? 
I do n't think I know Xiaoyan 
It 's not a close - up , so wrinkles are not visible 
# Xiaoyan changed more 
I did not have much impression of her in high school 
Maybe it 's because she came to Class 2 after I =went to the liberal arts class 
Yes 
Liu # # was in the same class as you , right ? 
He was there too 
Yes 
He seemed to be very active 
Yes 
Sometimes very extreme with his words 
But I did not talk to him much 
I did n't know him previously 
Well , he changed a lot .
I am going to a meeting 
OK 
Let 's chat next time 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Go to bed early 
en 
[ expression ] I 'm returning to Guangzhou on the 31st 
So early 
I 'm not returning until 2.2 [ expression ] 
[ expression ] No , I really am feeling guilty , I have n't touched my graduate design 
[ expression ] When do you have to submit it ? 
Submitting the first draft the second week after school begins , finalize it in April 
Then you have around a month left 
So I am very worried 
Are you going to do a cartoon ? 
Yeah yeah 
3D cartoon 
So have you finished writing the script ? 
No .. 
I 'll think about it these few days 
I 'm planning to do angry birds 
Let angry birds teach a child English 
Eh , you need to first plan your script , and then divide up the scenes I think 
So detailed ... Ca n't I directly start ? 
There is too much beforehand work .. 
Eh , back then when Liuwei taught us it was step by step like this 
Where did you say the delicious spicy and sour rice noodles were in Chongqing ? A bunch of us postgraduates want to go there and have fun 
I only know a shop called Wanchai [ Herbal Jelly | Guilinggao ] in Shapingba is good 
You can ask Jiang Man 
Shapingba is too far 
Right 
Because we are all hanging out in Shapingba 
She knows [ jack shit | fart ] , your four years of experience is more reliable 
I am not clear about Jiefangbei 's 
How about Guanyinqiao ? 
I have n't eaten the spicy and sour rice noodles there . But the kebab in that Hong Kong City is pretty delicious 
I think it 's more fitting to go shopping in Jiefangbei and Guanyinqiao 
Yes 
Hong Kong City in Guanyinqiao ? Specifically , which one ? 
Is Shunfeng 123 delicious or not ? 
There is a small alley under that Hong Kong City , where they all sell food . You will see it once you enter 
Delicious ! 
Which dishes are delicious in Shunfeng ? 
I specially recommend spicy and sour yam pasta and steamed pork with rice flour 
Steamed pork with rice flour and peas ? 
Steamed pork with rice flour with ice cream 
No 
I saw on television that it was served with ice - cream , Shunfeng 123 .
That is their house specialty , with pumpkin on the bottom . I have forgotten the exact name 
I have n't eaten one served with ice - cream before 
A tea cafe called Causeway Bay is also pretty good 
Where is it ? 
Tender meat with mashed potato 
Seems that there are branches in each district 
There should also be one in Guanyinqiao 
Any other dishes ? 
Pork ribs served in wooden tub is also good 
There is also corn with salted egg yolk 
Anything which make you want to return to eat them ? 
Yes , you are tormenting me late at night 
Man is a mill which feels no hunger when asleep . Go to bed early 
When are you going to Chongqing ? 
On the 16th 
Our holiday lasts until the 27th 
[ So enjoyable | enjoyable to death ] 
Going there for a few days to have fun , and then I have to come back to school on the 22nd to work . Someone has to retake the exam , that sort of [ postgraduates with certificate of postgraduate studies but no graduation diploma | single - certificate students ] 
Oh , all right . Have you bought a single - lens reflex camera ? 
Not yet . Just started work , and it is out of stock over here 
Oh 
I went to New Mart a few days ago and they were out of stock . Then I shall ask my dad to buy it for me , and I will tell him what the model is .
Have lots of fun during your vacation before coming back . It is a rare opportunity 
Well , my parents want me to return to China 
I am coming back in May 
I suddenly think it feels rather good to study in Europe , because you can go to several countries on a random flight . You can fly through two countries in only half a day 
It depends on next year . If I return to China to work , then I will have as much fun as possible before going back 
That 's for certain 
Yeah 
Right . But there are also many fun places in USA 
Or you can fly to Europe again 
Is n't the Atlantic always nearer than the Pacific Ocean ? 
Yes 
What is more , it is convenient to get visa 
Then you can fly back from Europe . It can be said that you have travelled around the world 
Haha , actually I really want to go to Australia . I am not especially interested in Europe 
Take your dad and mom along with you , and then your financial support and all will be guaranteed .
Then you can fly first to Europe , and then to Australia , before coming back .
Hoho . Actually I think I will do this in the future after earning some money 
A rather convenient route 
If you travel this way , you will visit four out of five continents 
Right . I have no money , Elder Sister 
After you come back from Australia , you can also have fun around those in Southeast Asia , and then Taiwan or whatever , and then return home from the South 
Wait till one day when I [ get traumatized | take things too hard ] , then I shall have fun like that 
Why is it when you [ get traumatized | take things too hard ] ? 
By the way , tell me your address , and I will =send you postcards .
Shi Qiong , Graduate Department , College of Management , North Campus , Huaxi Avenue , Guizhou University 
OK 
Postcode ? 
550025 
What time is it over there for you guys ? 
10:30 pm 
What are you doing ... studying ? 
Reading what my classmates wrote . We have to discuss it in class tomorrow 
Oh , sigh , do n't study any more . It is more reliable to find a man 
I really do not think so 
Men nowadays , really 
Sigh , it is more effective than studying 
I increasingly feel that I have to rely on myself 
But when you are in school , it is better to look at two men than to read two documents 
These men . They are either particularly creepy or highly popular among a bunch of girls if they are even slightly reliable . Truly , if you do n't go abroad , you do n't know how cruel society is 
Now I plan to let it be 
Haha 
I will just live alone if I can not find one 
Anyway I can support myself 
I still remember before you went abroad , I said , do n't return from the USA , and [ still be a virgin | still dwelling ] 
Haha , it is true 
Now the likelihood of this trend is very great 
Anyway , I think my parents are not anxious that I marry someone 
Especially my dad , it is completely fine if I live with him all my life 
Your parents are no longer anxious ? 
Both of them have never been anxious all along 
How come it was said that they were pretty anxious previously ? 
No 
Did you remember it wrongly ? 
It is you who said it . You said your dad thought that you have always had a boyfriend , but just did n't tell them 
Oh , right 
So he is even less anxious now 
He is just thinking , it 's impossible for my daughter to be left on the shelf 
He has never mentioned this matter to me 
My mom occasionally asks by beating around the bush 
Then he actually does n't want you to get married either 
Right 
I suppose if both of them were to know I am so unwanted on the market now , I reckon they will get anxious 
Dad feels more upset than mom when their daughter gets married 
Yeah 
In China , the ratio of men to women is 3 : 1 , but there are so many single women . How many gays would there be ? 
Haha . Right 
I am going to look for my mom and have dinner 
OK 
Older sister , hello ( from cell phone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
I want to ask you , do liberal arts also take the GRE 
It 's not the GAMT right ? 
=Yeah , that 's right 
Last time I asked my aunt to ask you 
In general how high do self - pay liberal arts colleges want 
1,300 is fairly good 
Teacher Chen , wishing you a Happy New Year . Happy Lantern Festival 
Do you still have Manager Yuan 's number here ? 
Yes , I have it . Are you looking for him about something ? 
I want to ask him something 
Is he still doing the Dubai business now ? Or has he already changed profession ? 
Still doing business 
Do you have friends wanting to go to Dubai ? 
A student in my father 's school , 
Oh , then just contact him directly .
Is it all right to contact him directly ? 
You just say that I gave you the phone number 
Yeah . Thanks a lot , Teacher Chen 
You 're welcome .
You 're going back to work in Huangshi so early ? 
I 'll send him a message first . To avoid being brusque .
Okay 
I 'm already working in Huangshi .
If I want to cooperate with him , specifically , how should I operate ? 
First get in contact with =him . See how he replies to you . How ’s the English of the student in your father 's school ? Willing to go into this hotel industry ? 
Also a student majoring in tourism 
If going abroad it should still be quite attractive 
Oh . Does their school have a foundation in educating the students on going abroad ? This is very important .
If just starting , I think one or two going out should n't be a problem . Just =get a reputation down first .
Yes . You can discuss it directly with him .
All right . I 'll see if we can work out a side job now . Hoho 
You can do it if there 's time .
Time is quite abundant at present 
Try it first . There is a process for everything 
Right . It ’s very easy to talk about it . It should n't actually be that easy to put it into actual operation 
If the student 's thinking is reasonable , then it should be easy to operate .
There is also a series of training to be implemented . The student 's standard should be about the same as the students from the provincial tourism school . They all need training 
Your father can help you .
It ’s likely that they all need to go through Manager Yuan over there , right ? Are there any other agents over here with whom you 've cooperated ? 
There were , previously , but the period of cooperation with Manager Yuan has been the longest .
angel =never responded 
=How come ? 
Um … How about I send a text ? 
Angel , I 'm going to GSE a little later , about 5 o'clock or after . Can I first take a look at that teaching material ? 
You do n't have the teaching material ? ?? 
Okay 
The teaching material I asked that older classmate , Yuan Cunwei to buy . I have n't gone to get it yet 
I ’m feeling deeply ashamed 
The older classmate from church 
I just happen to be going there for a discussion and will show it to you . Oh … Hahaha 
Okay … It 's very [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
Hiding my face [ emoticon ] 
Sigh . I corrected the errors , corrected them , in that essay … The [ English major level eight exam | major eight ] is very difficult as expected 
Yes . Hahaha 
You still on fb ? 
So calm and collected 
I just got on … Heh heh 
I was reading it when I was on the toilet 
As a result , I was n't careful and sat until my legs went numb 
……… You sat on the toilet so long … … .
Haha Haha Haha Ha 
Manager Qian 
I 'm here 
I will go there this week . Would meals be provided ? 
No , there wo n’t be meals being provided [ emoticon ] 
Yes , of course . It would be my pleasure to have you . Is it proper if we do n't provide meals ? 
Um . That is good . Where have you been ? To count the money ? Relax . My meals wo n't cost you a lot 
I went to the Southern Power Grid for bidding evaluation last week . There is a lot of work piled up waiting to be done , so I am a little busy today . Apologies if I am slow in replying to you 
That is OK . Go ahead with you work 
When do you come ? 
I will go to Guangzhou from Shanghai in the evening of Wednesday . It will be ten o'clock when I arrive . I will visit the dispatching communication center of the Southern Power Grid on Thursday . It will probably end when we see the Iranians off on Friday 
Well , you are receiving foreigners . That is a high level 
Feel free to contact me any time when you need me . I am leaving for a meal 
When do you get back to Nanjing ? 
Next week , I 'm staying here a few days , and after all it 's not that fast to get to Burma 
Do the Iranians leave tomorrow ? 
Yea , today I took the to the museum and acted as their guide 
You have to help me apply to increase the level of Burma a little , there is a civil war there , watch the news and you 'll know 
I 'll consider it 
The brothers are on the firing line Chen Chao and Wang Xiaobing both say it 's not a good place to go 
Do n't worry , I 'll help you consider it .
OK , many thanks ! 
After being with the Iranians these few days , how much of a grasp do you think they have on the dispatch project ? 
If Chen Chao does n't get it , he 'll be chopped to death 
Yesterday I talked with Southern Grid , and they were very cooperative 
The Iranians asked Southern Grid , as users , what is your assessment of open3000 ? They gave 9.5 points straightaway 
Yea , the share company really tried hard to cooperate , and if we do n't get this project , we 'll really let the other guys down .
We really cooperated with him too . Today I took someone to the airport , and stood in for him as a guide to these Iranians , if we do n't get it , what face will we have ? 
I have to get off work , I wo n't say any more , be safe on your business trip , wait for my call to notify you about Burma .
OK .
[ Damn | I go ] . How come you sleep so late every day ? 
[ Ha | Pu ] ! It 's just today ! ( Sent from QQ Mobile : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
That was a problem with my [ Weibo microblog | Weibo ] yesterday ... 
Oh , okay 
Automatically forwarding things every day … 
I was wondering what happened to you 
Every day when I shut off my phone , it can still forward ... 
[ Oh God | Faint ] , it ’s really =something 
Just finished watching a movie just now … so it 's late 
(( Sex is over )) !! 
Way too smart 
I think so too ! The main issue is that it still forwards what I 've already forwarded … 
I actually wanted to ask you if there was anything going on . Those that were forwarded every day were all minor frills 
I ’m =already out of ideas … There ’s always a reason when I forward things … Once there ’s no reason added , it looks so stupid 
Haha 
What have you been doing at home recently ? 
I got bored during the past few days … Ran to Zhengzhou to look for a few university classmates to play around … 
Oh , that ’s really good 
Just been back for two days … I have started to stare at the computer again every day ... 
Waiting for the results 
Yeah . When are they coming out ? 
I do n't know … No notification of anything 
Oh , okay . This is good too . Saves you from worrying 
It can make people worry , too … I do n’t even know when there will be hope 
It should be soon , probably . Is n't it usually around the end of February or the beginning of March ? 
Yeah … Normally it 's like =this … 
Haha . You did n't drop in on our elder sister when you went to Zhengzhou ? 
Many places have already released the results 
……… (( Brought it up for nothing )) ... 
He 's too despicable ... Irritated a few of my friends without =even meeting them 
Truly a master among the despicable !! 
What 's the matter ? 
I ’ll tell you tomorrow … Dying to sleep now … 
Okay . Sleep , then . Good night 
Logging off … [ Good night | Peace , peace ] …~ 
Teacher 
I will leave you messages before I leave 
I am in Singapore 
I am OK 
Please do n't worry 
Oh , have you arrived ? Has Zhu Chen arrived ? (( I hope everything goes well for you )) .
No 
(( [ Do n't know | bzd ] about them )) 
Yeah 
There is no internet access in my accommodation .
Have you adapted to the environment ? 
It is already better now 
Seeing is believing 
Is your work difficult ? 
There is both good and bad 
A little 
Which hotel are you working at ? 
The food there is better than Dubai , right ? 
Yeah yeah , that 's right [ expression ] 
You do n't need to return to the school 
I need to , however I do n't have class Friday , so I can return home today 
Yeah~ 
How are you now 
Just so , I 'll go to graduate school after I graduate 
You , you still going to study ? 
I 've applied to schools , but I am also looking for jobs , if I can find a good one , I 'll work , so are you now in Zhongshan 
In Guangzhou , in South China Normal University 
Applying huh , do you plan to go abroad ? 
No , it 's Hong Kong [ expression ] 
The competition in HK is fierce , it 's harder than going abroad 
However , it beats other places in that it has good food and good fun , and its close to home [ expression ] 
Still OK , because the school I am currently at is a school set up by Hongkong Baptist University , so it is a bit easier to apply [ expression ] 
If you get into HK Baptist , then you 'll be Zhang Xiaoxian 's alumni 
Ha ha , actually it 's not hard to get into Baptist at our school , it 's just that I do n't really like my major , I am reading economics , and I do n't think its very suitable , so if I can find a good job then I wo n't read it any more [ expression ] , so when are you going to test for graduate school 
I am also applying , so I do n't need to take tests 
Have you gone abroad 
Yeah 
Oh oh 
Your cousin is very active on Renren , I see her pictures all the time , O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O 
Haha , that 's right , because all here classmates go onto Renren , so its like this 
She went to Singapore for college 
Yeah , I saw she said so on her page 
I also saw a picture of you 
Also one of Ayan 's 
Ha ha , you even remember this [ expression ] I just added you to Weibo , I 'm going to bed first , if you have time contact me more [ expression ] 
Oh oh , OK then , good night 
What about the video ? 
I was just in a meeting 
I 'll send it over to you 
Send it over to me now 
I 'm still in the office 
I think I 'll be here until 2 o'clock again today 
How many hours ' sleep do you get a day ? 
Around 5 hours 
Do you take an afternoon nap ? 
No 
=Where would I get the time for an afternoon nap from ? 
Well , how is that enough ? 
You need to watch out in case your body can not take it 
There are a few more photos 
When you work like this , your wife is bound to complain 
She can understand it 
I actually do this so my family will have a better life in the future , do n't I ? 
But , to think of it , you have made money , yet have no opportunity to enjoy life . Is n't it meaningless ? 
How come the kid 's two eyes are not the same size 
Look like mine did when I was little 
Yes , one bigger and the other smaller 
There 's no problem 
I was the same too 
It 's a problem with the eyelids 
One double , and the other single 
=Only knows how to speak English ? 
Only knows how to speak English ? 
He can speak Chinese 
At home , I just speak Chinese to him , occasionally English . His Chinese is better than his English 
Be careful he does n't end up with badly learned Chinese and English ! 
That would be a problem 
How could that happen ? 
Chinese little kids all have better English than Chinese nowadays 
English is his mother tongue . There 's nothing I can do to stop that 
But none are good at writing 
Each generation is worse than the previous generation 
That 's an educational problem 
The result of fast - food culture 
I tell Niuniu stories every day . He likes reading books 
That 's great 
Have you got an account with dangdang . com ? 
No 
Why ? 
To buy books for Niuniu 
Oh ! Let # # Xia buy them 
She has 
Write out a book list , and send it to me 
I 'll first check whether they accept foreign credit cards 
If they accept them , I can also buy them from here 
OK 
I 'm getting offline 
bye 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Brother Yun , what 's your address ? 
What 's up ? 
I 'm sending postcards 
O , ha ha 
You tell me yours , too 
Philadelphia is really mighty 
Until when is this address of yours effective ? 
Mine probably wo n't change any more 
It is effective until August . I 'll move away in September 
Oh . When are your courses over ? 
At the beginning of May , I guess 
Wow , so early . What do you intend to do in the future then ? Are you still going to school ? Or develop towards being a professor ? 
I 'm not going to school . The American phd is too scary 
Heh heh . Is n't it the same here ? Did you ever go to chatsworth afterwards ? 
Where is it ? 
It 's as you said , it 's Darcy 's estate 
No ... 
Oh , it 's all right . I 'm planning to go in the near future . I 'll send you a postcard by then . You can pretend as if you have been there . Ha ha ha 
I only knew of that place because I heard about it from you 
I looked it up later and found the scenery is quite beautiful 
That 's it . Just pretend as if I have been there 
Are you going on Easter ? 
What 's your plan ? 
Wow , Brother Yuan has already started (( all kinds of )) speeches 
I will have spring break starting tomorrow . There is no Easter holiday here . I 'm going to Hawaii 
Wow , Honolulu - that 's really cool . It 's a lot of fun 
What time is it over there ? 
After 11 o'clock in the morning 
There 's a seven - hour time difference . It 's quite far . Do you also cook yourself over there ? 
What is the difference with the UK ? 
Huh ? How come I remember there is only a 5 - hour difference ? 
I seldom cook myself . There are food trucks here , with a lot of Chinese food . But it 's boring if you eat it often 
I calculated wrong . It is 5 . It 's past 16:00 here now 
Take care of yourself then 
I really miss everyone 
Yeah . There are a lot of people here now . When September comes , most students who study Msc will go home , so there are less people . Everyone misses you too 
Ha ha , how much do they miss me ? 
Everyone talks about you when we are together 
you are always a topic 
Ah ? What do you talk about ? 
A lot - like your situation in the US , and we recall memories of the past , like when we went to the KTV on International Children 's Day , and you and Boss Qiao made many male students drunk . And then you went to Greece without much rest , etc. Lots and lots 
Ha ha ha ha . So actually everyone misses me so much ! 
Of course . We all came out together . Heh heh 
When do you set out ? 
Hawaii ? Tomorrow ! 
Yes , oh , then you should start packing . I 'm going offline . Bon Voyage , and have a good time ! 
OK , talk to you later 
Ok , ok [ emoticon ] 
Do you want to go to ROSE tomorrow ? 
When ? 
When are you paying that money ? 
In the morning , probably 
It seems only =Citibank has UnionPay 
Oh 
In that case you can only go over to Chinatown 
But we do n't seem to have =Citibank here 
Citibank 
Yes , so why do n't I just make a trip there tomorrow morning ? 
? Go where ? 
Bank 
Go over to Chinatown . If you have time let ’s go to ROSE on the way . If you do n't have time I 'll just come back here 
It ’s just near to rose , it seems 
Okay 
You want to go ? [ emoticon ] 
Go to rose ? 
Haha , I 've been repressing it for quite a while 
Haha , okay then 
Need to let it out 
Hahaha [ emoticon ] 
I 'll take you to ride the =30 - car train 
Okay . The legendary train 
Yeah [ emoticon ] 
Can you get on [ QQ instant messenger | qq ] on the school computer ? 
I brought my own computer 
Oh , soga 
I can also get on the webpage version , it ’s just that the school computer does n't have Chinese 
The webpage version seems to be very slow 
It 's alright . Depends on the internet speed , probably 
What time are you going ? 
Tomorrow morning 
What time do you want to go ? 
9 o'clock 
Okay 
I ’ll have to sleep early tonight then 
I 'll go together with you to pay the rent when we come back 
Yeah 
Oh gosh . I have writingcoach from 1 thirty to two o'clock in the afternoon . When are we coming back ? 
I reckon 11 o'clock . We are coming back right after we go to ROSE 
Not going anywhere else then ? I do n't have the physical strength either 
Okay . Anyway I have to hurry back at 1 o'clock 
Yeah 
To my surprise you ’re online 
What 's the matter ? Ca n't I ? Haha 
Just never saw you log on before 
What time in the evening is it for you over there ? 
Been terribly busy 
Nine - thirty in the evening 
How come you 're busy ? 
I just ate . Just started spring break today 
You even have spring break ? 
Yeah . Nine days 
Is your English very fluent when you speak with foreigners ? 
Have you lost weight ? 
It 's alright , I guess 
As soon as I got online , a bunch of people requested photos . I 'm all prepared 
Give an evaluation 
Nutrition is rather good 
... 
You are even able to see this [ emoticon ] 
Complexion is rather good 
… .
My complexion has always been very good 
Saying your nutrition is good is to say you have n't lost weight 
I got fat when I just arrived in the States 
When will you go home ? 
Have you adapted yourself after going over there ? 
Winter break 
[ Expression ] You 're online ! 
Ha ha , just got out on Spring break 
Ha ha , how many days ? It should be soon 9 o'clock in the evening for you there 
9 days 
8 thirty 
Wow , do you have plans to travel ? 
Oh , where are you going to travel ? California ? Your strength in studying is currently much greater than when in China , huh 
First go to Washington , and then to California 
Right , it is totally not the same concept 
Ha ha , are your assignments to read several books and then write a paper or do you have a lot of extracurricular activities ? 
There is a lot of difficult reading , a lot of assignments , all kinds of writing , as well as group work presentations and internships 
However , I am already used to it 
Oh , where do you live , are you currently jointly renting with others ? How can I send you mail 
Yes , I rend an apartment 
Are you currently still working 
Yeah , after Chinese New Year 's I will be working in study abroad consultation for a study abroad organization in Guangzhou 
Doing this was a bit of a forced move , because I did n't want to do something domestically and get =set 
Changing professions , how is it you thought of doing study abroad 
I do n't want to do hotels in China , and my family does n't support me going to Dubai , so I 'll just find something concerning English , and start an industry I want to do myself 
Why do n't they support you going to Dubai 
You can broaden your horizons if you get out and go around 
Yeah , that 's right , it 's mainly that the thinking of my father and mother is old , and they think that there is a lot of chaos surrounding that area , and its not safe , ha ha 
I can only rely on my own efforts 
Are there a lot of Chinese students at the University of Pennsylvania ? 
Yeah , quite a lot 
I think being able to go to Dubai would be a very good opportunity , and if possible you should still try to get out and about , no matter where 
Yeah , I am also thinking this , I will work hard , and strive to break through my predicament sooner . Ha ha 
What type of social media methods do you use there most , FACEBOOK OR SKYPE 
facebook linkedin twitter 
However , I do n't go on them much , I have no time at all 
Oh , are you thinner or fatter now , I would really like to see what you 're like ! Ha ha , can you send a picture to me 
Ha ha , OK , I 've never had the time to transmit one , about the same I think , you can evaluate yourself 
Can you wait a bit 
Yeah , OK . Do you have copies of the pictures we took previously last year when at Qinghua that you brought over , you have n't transmitted them to me , ha ha 
I think I do , ugh , I 'm sorry , I 'll look for them 
Ha ha , it does n't matter , I 'll wait 
Can you wait a bit , I 'll switch a computer with them 
It does n't matter , there are many people as soon as I get online 
Ha ha , is the second picture at your school 
No , that was taken when I went to California 
Oh , a certain university in California , I see UC 
Right , the University of California Los Angeles 
Oh , quite a good school , recently I have been becoming familiar with America 's Universities 
Which intermediary are you at 
Markham 
What are you doing ? 
Do you remember you said you had a sister doing study abroad over then in Beijing , right ? 
Doing study abroad applications 
Yeah , that 's so , however I have n't contacted her in a long time 
Oh , do you have time for entertainment every day ? You cook for yourself , right 
I do n't have time for entertainment 
Yeah , I cook myself 
Ha ha , then treat cooking as entertainment . Do you cook Chinese or American dishes ? 
Right , I really like cooking 
I can do some simple American dishes , and complicated Chinese dishes 
Yeah I can 
That is good , you can listen to music and cook , and enjoy a simple and ample life 
I really want to see you oh , is it convenient for you to do video chat now ? 
Yes , I 've become a stay at home wife , everyday I am concerned about what is being discounted wherever 
Ha ha , I 'm the same 
Do they offer discounts at night a lot there 
No , I am talking about discounts at supermarkets 
Yeah , I understand 
Is it convenient to video chat with me , he he 
It 's not really convenient at the moment , another day ok 
I have classmates here 
Ha ha , OK ha 
If you find our pictures at Qinghua , remember to pack them and send them to me ha [ expression ] 
Ha ha , OK , I 'm a bit busy now , those are on my external hard drive , I 'll look for them in a bit 
Yeah , OK 
Little Xia , I sent the pictures to your q mailbox ha 
OK , thanks ! You get plenty of rest these next few days , ha ! [ expression ] 
Are you free on Tuesday ? 
Yeah , I am free ! 
Let 's go to the outlets on Tuesday morning 
To that one in Delaware 
[ Wow , wow | I compete , I compete ] ~ Which one is that ? 
Not the one in Philadelphia ? 
No 
I took a look , and it has more brands than the one in Philadelphia 
Great ! It 's good as long as we get to go ! 
Yeah , yeah , he said he wo n't charge us , but asked us to bring something for him 
Yeah , all right~Oh , he drives there and then does n't do any shopping ? We are buying for him ? 
No. Maybe he can not buy so many things on his own . He even asked us to bring our passports with us 
Maybe there are purchase limits per person 
I see that it even has AF and Hollister 
That 's so great !! 
Right 
We will enjoy ourselves on Tuesday~ 
What time on Tuesday morning ? 
I must go to VP first to return the small camera for recording lessons~ 
Around 8:00 , probably 
Is n't Deng Luyao doing group study anymore ? 
OK , there should still be time~ 
She said she would see whether it could be changed to Wednesday 
It was booked for Tuesday , right ? ~ 
Right . It was originally set for tomorrow , but I have to tutor tomorrow morning , and there is no way to change it 
OK . Tuesday , then . Do n't change it again~ 
Done 
Tell my aunt Happy Holidays =for me . I hope she has good health and eternal youth , happiness every day , and that her career [ flourishes | on the up - and - up ] [ image ] 
Thank you . Are you going to work in Qingchuan tomorrow ? 
I am going to Qingchuan for probation tomorrow 
Girl , did you call me yesterday ? I got a strange number 
=No , I did n't ( from QQ for iPhone : If you do n't want to type , voice chat is easier ! ) 
Oh , forget it , then 
Still outside ? 
Yeah 
I am washing clothes in the school dormitory 
Arriving in New York State tomorrow , right ? 
Yes 
A morning flight ? 
You two are really in sync 
Is mom here too ? 
Yeah 
Taking off at 9:20 
Your mom is also here . Oh , I know .
Yes 
Did he call you ? 
No 
Then how long must you wait in the airport ? 
Not more than two or three hours 
I will arrive there at around one o'clock , and he can only get there after four o'clock 
Send him a message online . If he does n't reply , call him before you set off .
OK 
Make sure to =pay attention to safety . Have you booked a hotel ? 
He should have booked it 
I did n't ask . He said he would book it , and we did n't speak about this matter after that 
Confirm it again in the communication prior to setting off . Still staying for two nights ? 
Likely so 
I have sent him my flight itinerary 
He did n't tell me whether he has arranged everything or such either 
Well 
Oh , relax and adjust your state of mind . When communicating , pay attention to maintaining propriety , and a calm attitude .
Even till now , there is not one phone call . Really makes me lose my appetite 
However , mom said that I should not impose overly high expectations on others 
Is he online now ? 
No 
Give him a call before you set off , if he does n't call you .
Did he take the initiative to invite you initially ? 
Yes 
OK 
Shall I call him early in the morning tomorrow ? 
Or call tonight ? 
That 's fine , then . It may not be convenient for him tomorrow when he is at work . You can call him now , too . Just to confirm the relevant details with him .
OK 
I will call when it is seven or eight o'clock 
Keep a relatively calm attitude 
I am worried that this will give me a bad mood and affect my examination after I return 
I was referring to a more relaxed tone of voice . It 's nothing . If you feel it 's very bad , then consider it an outing for relaxation . It does n't matter whether you meet him or not .
Or going there like this was a wrong choice in the first place 
OK 
Feeling uneasy is inevitable 
Do not ever harbor such emotions . You two mean nothing to each other in the first place . You are giving yourself a chance .
More than fifty people attended the party for single people and pensioners this time . It 's really a shame not to go 
It will be held again in the future 
If you have nothing to talk about , see whether the flight ticket can be changed . You can also come back after staying for one night . Anyway , you will have met him then .
I ’m coming~ 
Da Liang ? ( From QQ for iPhone : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
Chui Bo Yi Da 
Brother Long ? 
It does n’t work . The screen freezes 
FaceTime ? 
Oh , wait for me to switch to another computer 
Visionace 
It seems to be disconnected again … 
Ah ? 
Can you connect to it ? 
I ’ve connected to it 
Connect to it one more time 
Once more 
Okay 
Do we need to try skype ? 
Okay 
Wait 
I do n’t have skype 
I have to install it now 
Oh 
FaceTime ? 
Ah ? Wait 
[ What | divine horse ] is your facetime email ? 
[ What | divine horse ] is yours ? I do n’t know [ what | divine horse ] mine is 
gepeng_bell@yahoo . com . cn 
Anyway , she was just talking about you and saying how could you be so ruthless as to dump Guyu 
Cell phone QQ videos make us closer . New communication , new life . Hurry up and invite your good friends to use videos ! 
I got your postcard today . You actually found a picture with a cloud . Heh heh 
Yeah , did you got home or are you still out playing ? 
Oh 
Was the paper you downloaded there also ieee ? 
Is it convenient now ? Help me check if you can download the paper “ method of symmetrical coordinates applied to the solution of polyphase networks ” C . L . Fortescue 
Let me take a look 
Ok 
Is it this one ? 
[ Yeah | en ] 
Can you download it ? 
I can 
Ha ha , it 's great . Give it to me to send it 
It 's too cool . It ca n't be downloaded in the UK 
I see ... 
This is a paper from 1918 
Thanks 
It 's ancient 
You ’re welcome , you ’re welcome 
Okay , I wo n't bother you anymore . I 'll take a look first . Chat with you later 
Okay , [ bye bye | 88 ] 
[ bye bye | 886 ] 
Are you there ? 
Zhou Xuan , have you gone to work ? How does it feel ? 
Just did some exercise 
I ’m at work . Feels alright 
The company 's benefits are quite good 
There is also Provident Fund 
Just that the pace is relatively fast , I must do a good job 
The pace might be about the same as the foreign enterprises 
It ’s fine as long as you can adapt to it . It ’s most important to be happy .
Yeah , it ’s still pretty good 
I prefer a fast - paced life 
The company is under development , the office building is being constructed now 
It 'll have its own company building in the future , and there is no need to rent an office building 
What is the name of your company ? 
Zhuodaoquan is very close to our home . I 'll come see it when I have time 
How do you settle the meals issue ? 
How much time do you need roundtrip each day ? 
How much are the basic wages ? What sort of benefits are there ? 
Wuhan Liyuan Information Technology Co. , Ltd. 
Yeah , okay 
Lunch is included 
Two hours roundtrip 
At =which building ? Do you take 715 there ? 
Basic wages are 1,800 during the probationary period . Over 2,000 for official employees . Five insurance plans and one fund 
There is a holiday allowance for holidays . Bonuses and household items are issued each quarter 
Two days off on weekends ? 
Yeah . Two days off 
I =take 536 
Is it a nine - to - five work system ? 
It ’s just at the Haoyu Building . There 's a Minsheng Bank nearby 
Nine in the morning , and I get off at five - thirty 
Very close to the Central China Normal University , right ? 
One stop before Guangfutun 
It ’s quite close to the Central China Normal University 
How many months is the probationary period ? 
2 to 6 months 
Have you seen the contract ? 
What work are you specifically responsible for ? 
I 've already signed the contract , a three - year contract 
I work in corporate performance and I will also be responsible for matters related to Human Resources 
It 's mainly doing performance 
Oh . That 's good then . Are you currently preparing for the training to the exam for Human Resources Professionals ? 
Yeah , I already applied 
When is the exam ? 
The month of May 
Is it further divided by levels ? 
Right , Level One is the highest 
Have you told Peng Yi ? Get him to sit an exam for a certificate too .
I have n't told him yet , but I was preparing to tell him . He can only apply for Level Three 
I told him long ago that he had to take a certification exam .
Not old enough 
Is there an age requirement ? 
Yeah , I will tell him 
Yeah , there 's a requirement for length of work experience 
Moreover , he 's from junior college so he ca n't apply for Level Two 
He is also doing the training now , and should be very busy 
Oh . One should make some preparations for qualifications now while still young .
I just sent him a text but he has n't responded 
I think I 'm uncertain as to whether or not registering for the class will be useful to him . Because in the class I registered for , basically , the teacher speaks particularly fast . Do n't know if he can keep up 
Yeah , could be busy 
Mainly we must still use our spare time to study on our own . The teacher is only advisory in nature .
Right 
I 'll talk to him about it 
Actually there are only three people in our company 's HR department . The system is nevertheless very comprehensive , but there is no training 
Okay . It 's the initial stage of a career now . One must [ make steady progress | one step , one footprint ] . It ’s all right to do more work . Treat it =purely as learning .
Yeah , I 'll tell Peng Yi he should apply for Level Three 
I rather like the feeling in the new workplace . Perhaps I prefer companies that are efficient 
This company 's overall academic qualifications are quite good . So everyone is the same 
But the pace in the company where I previously [ worked | stayed ] was rather slow . So I want to readjust 
The short - term goal is to raise the work quality and work efficiency 
There are too many things which need to be learned 
In the future , the company building will be up there at Guanggu Jinrong Street 
Even further from my home 
It ’s close to us here .
Yeah , right 
Think of a way when the time comes . [ Adjust according to the situation | Take a step and look a step ] .
Apparently there is a company shuttle that can take employees to and from work 
It 'll be fine if there is a subway later 
Hopefully there will be a regular bus to take people to and from work 
I 'm considered quite weak in this company . I did n't lay a good foundation before , and will simply have to work harder in the future 
The subway can be taken to Guangyu .
This is a listed company . It 's still developing and expanding 
Yeah . Ca n't go to Jinrong Street 
[ Keep it up | Add oil ] .
We ’ll see when the time comes . I 'm just waiting to get the first month 's wages . You can all come to my place for a meal when the time comes 
Hoho , hopefully the wages can also be increased once in half a year 
Hahaha 
The company does n't have training , so I have to rely on myself for many things 
When you have just entered the working world , wages are n't the most important thing .
I 've already been working for three years 
But learning is still very important . Work has to be done professionally 
Try hard to do little things well . Only then will you have the opportunity to do big things .
Right . Must insist on zero errors 
Must also pay attention to work efficiency . Only in this way will others give ample recognition for your work abilities . Bear it in mind .
Yeah . I do n't even dare to drink water these days . It 's basically high intensity at work . I will remember . Efficiency is very important 
You must be easygoing when getting along with others . Newcomers must take the initiative . Developing good interpersonal relationships is the prerequisite and foundation of doing well at work .
Yeah , I will 
Must ensure adequate nutrition every day . [ Health is wealth | the body is the capital of work ] .
Okay , for sure , the company 's lunches are very delicious , I even overate 
It 's always two meats , two vegetables , and one fruit . Quite delicious 
That 's good then . It 's getting late . Rest early .
[ emoticon ] [ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Yeah , I still have work to do . I 'll chat with you again during the Qingming Festival vacation 
Okay .
It ’s very important to be happy every day . Heh heh 
Wenjie , you there ? 
Here 
Zhan Zhiying made a fuss half the day , but did n't get pulled to the team , dang 
OK 
Tomorrow morning then 
I am at Tieshan right now , I have a meeting tonight . I just came back from going out inspecting . Today I ran into Zhan .
OK .
I am soon going to go pick up Zhang Wei 
OK . You go to it then .
Strange , she said you were at the school 
OK , bye 
Left in the afternoon . I went out to do some things in the morning .
I have received the stuff . I left the kindle at the front desk , and also left a message to her room . ( From QQ for iPhone : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
I was sick yesterday , so I did not go to work .
Ho ho , I got a =heavy cold and conjunctivitis . I visited the emergency department of Tongren Hospital , but the doctor did not make a definite diagnosis , saying that it might be bacterial , viral , or allergic , 
A bunch of eye gels were prescribed for all possibilities . My eyes are swollen after using them .
The scarf for you is a little vivid - colored . I see you like wearing plain colors , so some lively color will be a good match . I hope you can accept it ! 
It is very beautiful . I will wear it tomorrow ( From QQ for iPhone : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Hope your illness gets better soon 
Hehe , be quick to search for the most in ways to tie a scarf on the Internet .
Um . Well , the kindle you gave me is useful 
The virus is very powerful here this year . I have been having a cold for over a week , and I have n't fully recovered yet 
kindle does not hurt the eyes . It is like reading a paper book . I am reading hunger game now .
Me too . My nose is like a pair of bellows , and like a broken faucet . My stomach is uncomfortable because of so many drugs I 've taken , but I am still not getting better .
If it is viral , medication is useless 
I have always =endured it myself . Drinking more water and having more sleep will be helpful 
It is even possible to watch movies on kindle ? I 'm old - fashioned .
Not on the one you have 
It can only be used to read books 
Mine can only be used for reading , too 
I am reading that set of novel 
They say the movie is quite good . Unfortunately I do n't have the chance , unless someone helps me take care of Niu Niu 
Hehe , when I was on the business trip in the UK , I noticed many people were holding a thing to read . I suppose that was a kindle 
It is very small , and can be put in the pocket 
Hehe , what about buying the disk to watch it at home ? 
Being small is good , as it is easy to carry . --- - I supposed someone is going to fight with me for it 
The movie just =came out , so the DVD will not be available until many months later 
Let him go and buy one for himself 
There also a set of my favorite science fiction being installed in there 
Liu =Cixin 's Three Body . It is fantastically written 
If he wants to fight for it , I 'll tell him your instructions [ emoticon ] . Hehe , it is really nice to share with you 
It has given me a whole new view of the world and the universe 
Then I must read it thoroughly 
I strongly recommend it 
I confide in your recommendation . I will read whatever you recommend [ emoticon ] 
There are many websites for kindle books in China 
Let me study the walkthrough first .
I have already configured it properly for you . You can directly receive when you turn on the wireless later 
Do you have a wireless network at home ? 
No , none at home . Sometimes --- - I will bring the network card to home 
If so , you can only connect it to your computer and use it through the computer 
It does n't require wifi to read books , right ? 
It does n't matter if you do n't have one . I just ca n't send books directly to you kindle . You have to connect it to the computer and do it yourself .
I 'm too far away from modern technology and society . Shame on me ! I have found that it is only suitable for me to deal with manuscripts and children 
It does not matter . You have me 
I can send them to your mailbox . It 's the same 
Hehe , you are my most reliable friend [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
I am also using =ofloxacin eye drops , the same as what your cat uses ! I wonder if it is effective after it is used ? 
Today is my birthday . I received the kindle you sent via air courier early in the morning , which arrived even one hour earlier than my husband 's flowers ! 
This can be regarded as the first birthday gift I have received ! Thank you , oh ! 
Thank you ! This is the second birthday wish I have received today : a friend mistook the date [ emoticon ] It is so nice to celebrate the birthday on two days in a row ! 
Have your colleague returned to China ? 
She should n't have . What 's the matter ? She will not leave Philadelphia for New York until April 1 
Your colleague has got the kindle from the front desk , right ? 
I have no idea . She did not contact me 
I will give her room a call in a moment to confirm 
OK , though it is just a bit troublesome 
I found her 
I talked to her on the phone 
She will go to get it at the front desk 
OK . I am afraid she is going to scold me to death . She is planning to buy a lot of stuff like crazy . She almost ca n't carry them [ emoticon ] 
I asked her if she needed me to take her out shopping tomorrow 
Oh , what did she say ? 
She said she would be busy and have an appointment with an author , so she would not have time 
I suppose she will not have time to go shopping 
That is fine , too . We are actually all busy .
She will get the work done on April 1 , but the Tomb - sweeping Day begins from April 2 - 4 . They will also take three days off for shopping 
It is going to rain tomorrow and the day after tomorrow , so it is inconvenient to go out 
Wish them all the best 
Um . You can just take the chance to stay at home with Niu Niu and your cat when it rains .
My husband will be on a business trip tomorrow . I have to prepare the stuff for him .
Happy Birthday to you again ! Have fun eating and playing , and enjoy the celebration with Tu Tu and your husband ! 
Um . Go ahead with your business ! How blessed your husband is ! 
There was a father - daughter conversation today at noon 
What I hold to be the way of educating children might make you laugh .
It 's an easily - won battle without much fight , and a happy education .
Heh heh , you generally understand everything in life , and have your own way of educating children . No wonder your daughter looks extremely intelligent . I want to learn from you [ expression ] 
I ’m not joking , but sharing 
Anyway , I myself think it 's a bit interesting . Heh heh .
You are back to your work unit . Have you been busy ? 
I 've been busy . I 'm preparing the quality briefing for this month .
Which aspects of the quality briefing are you working on ? 
It 's the quality briefing on the branch 's manuscripts , primarily reporting typical problems from reviewing the manuscripts and quality control this month .
The doctor of book publication 
A woodpecker [ expression ] 
Your daughter really has an innocent smile that is very nice to look at .
Heh heh , the smiles of children and young animals are all very innocent , and very touching . I want to go back to childhood so much . The briefing has been checked and approved by the leadership , so it can be sent out to everyone en masse ! 
The expression that shows in her eyes looks a little like your mother 
Heh heh . My mother 's eyesight is sharp . How could it be like hers ? 
It 's bright and piercing 
It 's sharp because you feel she is a strict mother 
A beautiful little poet , which I admire deeply . She has already gotten the feeling for poetry at quite a young age 
Give more details 
Hee hee . I do n’t understand anything , and I ’m not a professional either . It 's just a feeling 
It 's actually very much like what you write 
Like father , like daughter , indeed 
Are n’t we , though ? 
I myself am also quite astonished 
and a little bit worried 
Do you also write poems ? And then let her read them ? She 's really like you 
So I would like to know how the experts would rate them 
No 
Perhaps your words and deeds have nurtured her 
I 'm sorry . Somebody just came by 
Do n’t you think my daughter being this way is not very good ? 
No. I think she is very thoughtful and has strong expressive force 
Heh heh , she seems a bit precocious 
Yeah 
She has encountered the bottleneck of education 
Is there any poetry with a similar style on the book shelves at your home ? 
To say or not to say ? I do not know how to guide you , so I 'm confused 
There are some 
Buy more poetry that is youthful and bright to put on your book shelves , and wait for her to read them after she discovers them . They start to be rebellious at this stage 
Thanks . I think this question finally has an answer .
People come and go in the morning . I 'm just busy with no plans .
Encourage her to write poetry and try a variety of styles . The style of this poem of hers is also very good , but it makes people get too obsessed with themselves and thus feel lost 
Woodpecker is really different , and has broad thinking .
You can also encourage her to write children 's songs too ! Read to the little babies of aunts and uncles after she finishes writing , like someone in ancient times , a famous poet ( I ca n't remember clearly ) who read his poems to an old lady 
Wang Xiaobo said that life should be poetic , right ? 
Right . However , poetic feelings mostly exist in ideas and ideals 
It 's Bai Juyi . The classical quotation is " intelligible to old women " , and is found in a history book – Song , Shi Huihong , " Leng Zai Ye Hua " 
Yeah , I have an impression of that ! You have a good head 
Yu Dafu said , " Poetry books have supported the glory and success of my whole life . " How do you explain this ? 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] . My daughter needs to be picked up .
Poets live among ideals , but glory and success exist in [ real life | feces and urine ] . You can not have both . He who excels in study can follow an official career , but not many real poets can achieve glory and success .
Recent photos on a business trip . Can you recognize me ? 
You 're more beautiful . The beauty from knowledge . Fresh and refined .
Can you recognize who is who ? Everyone says they can not recognize me . Boo hoo ... 
It 's not , 
The second from the right side 
Are you awesome , or did you just make a wild guess ? When people see me , their eyeballs almost pop out . Also , my very close middle school classmates actually could n't recognize me from a group photo 
Do you often return to your hometown ? 
No. I 've gone back twice in 20 years . Short stays 
Because you outshone others in my impression .
You 've gained a little bit of weight 
Ha ha , you are the same [ expression ] 
You 're more feminine this way 
Heh heh . Actually I have n't . I 'm still too thin . I can eat , but I ca n't gain weight , and it makes me so annoyed 
Our commonness comes from the education from our parents .
Your hands are still so beautiful . Like those of pianists , they 're delicate hands .
Hee hee , it 's the mark of the younger generation of teaching and administrative staff 
You can only see them from a distance , and can not take a closer look . Life has made them become so rough . However , labor is glorious 
Lin Yutang said that you can tell a woman 's taste from her fingers .
I have to get offline . I 'm going to get ready to go home to visit graves tomorrow . [ Bye bye | 88 ] 
Okay . I 'm reading some materials . You can see your mother again . You must miss her very much this year . Have a safe trip .
Thanks .
Big Reporter Dai , guess I ca n't attend tomorrow 's activity . I have to attend a very important meeting the day after tomorrow . The mayor is bringing a bunch of city leaders to our Tieshan district for research . I ca n't take a leave .
Heh , okay . It 's a little disappointing 
But I still have to put my work as first priority . We can get together when there is an opportunity later .
If I can make it , I 'll see if I can go to the train station to see her off the day after tomorrow . It 's a little disappointing . Have n't seen each other for over 20 years .
That 's alright too . Her train leaves at seven o'clock in the evening the day after tomorrow .
You must explain it to her for me . I really wanted to join this gathering 
Okay 
Thank you . Please . [ emoticon ] 
[ Emoticon ] No problem 
Yes . Little Xu is afraid there 'll be too many people during the holidays from Monday to Wednesday . Does n't dare to come . That ’s why the time was staggered .
Understood , understood .
Good afternoon , Teacher Zhang . May I ask when our job allowances will start to increase ? 
It would normally be next year 
But the personnel department is now saying that the allowances will be adjusted across the board this semester 
Yours will probably be increased as well . I 'm waiting to be notified 
What do you mean by an across - the - board adjustment ? 
Everyone is getting an increase , and the standards are being reset 
You mean ours will be directly increased during this general adjustment ? 
They should be 
I do n't know right now 
Does the statement that job allowances are to be doubled still stand ? 
Everyone said so , but I have n't yet been notified or received any relevant documents 
Hehe , It 'll be great even if we can get a little increase [ emoticon ] 
After I went in I did n't have the visa info or anything 
I 'll send it to you once I 've filled it out : ) 
I 've found I ca n't save it , you can only finish filling it out in one go 
What is the meaning of this 
The meaning is that you previously have n't attended U Penn 
Then I 'll send an email to that previous school 
Yeah 
Visa and that and so on , I 'll take photos of them now and send them to you 
It 's a bit unclear , it seems like your hands were shaking 
Yeah , do you want me to retake them ? 
Its best if you 're clear on it , because this is going to be submitted 
OK 
Do you think this is a bit better 
ok 
OK 
Oh , sorry , I made a mistake 
Oh , they do n't need to ask that 
I clicked to enter that transfer table , and there was a more detailed explanation 
That is to say a =Sevis fee still has to be paid ~~ [ picture ] 
Ugh , I am really very sorry , letting you be happy for a bit , because your savings certification is there at Jolly , I can only help you transmit and submit tomorrow morning 
Have you seen the school 's dormitories or not ? Are you preparing to live on campus or off campus ? 
It does n't matter 
If I get it I 'll be fortunate , if I do n't get it it 'll be my fate 
How much money for on campus ? 
Off campus should be a bit cheaper , but I do n't know anybody , do you have any students that are going to U PENN , who you can rent together with ? 
Send 
Ha ha , right , generally on campus is more expensive than off campus , and there a very few locations , if I want to live on campus , I need to apply as early as possible 
There is no need to send it , because it does n't count as within 5 months , I ca n't transfer 
[ Expression ] why ? 
Fortunately I did n't press send 
It calculates from the =enrollment date , and not from now 
We indeed have someone going to U Penn Tesol here , I 'll help you ask , if you want to rent jointly 
Yeah yeah , OK (*^◎^*) 
You 're so hard working , working overtime this late 
It 's nothing , I 'm going off work 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
Bye 
Hello 
Are you still up ? 
I have n't seen you for a long while 
I 'm getting ready for bed 
I 've been a little busy recently 
Working nonstop as soon as I got to the office 
Watch your health 
I will 
Go on with what you are busy doing 
However , I 'm getting old 
Niuniu really gives me a hard time 
Not as energetic as before 
No comparison at all 
I get out of breath even going upstairs 
I am also having a really hard time with my two little " things " every day [ emoticon ] 
Well , you 've got two ! I really admire you 
I 'm really tired 
I 'm going to a meeting 
Take care of your health 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Is there any project for us ? 
I do n't know 
If you yourself know there is a project designed by our institute 
We make low - voltage power systems 
What part are you responsible for ? 
If you have a project for referral , when its approval has been taken care of , our classmate definitely will have a share of it 
I handle management now 
and do n't do design anymore 
But my former colleagues are very good 
You can give referral 
OK 
Come over 
I will give you a referral 
Alright , I 'll come if I have the opportunity 
The most important thing is whether there are projects designed by us here 
Which area are you responsible for ? 
Closed circuit television monitors and entrance security systems are what we specialize in designing 
No , it 's that if you have any project about low - voltage power systems , then tell us or refer our company to Party A or design according to our way of thinking 
Precisely this part 
That is , closed circuit television monitors , entrance security systems , parking lot speaker systems 
Also , integrated wiring 
In that case , there are too many 
Why not give referral then ? 
Once it 's settled , we wo n't treat you unfairly 
We have qualifications 
A lot of projects 
Come over 
Communicate your feelings 
OK 
Get introduced to our co-workers 
My former colleagues are all on very good terms with me 
Your design institute must be very close with Party A , right ? 
Of course 
Has any Party A asked you to refer construction companies ? 
That has also happened 
A lot of manufacturers will also lobby Party A 
This is very crucial 
If Party A refers , and the design institute has not raised objections 
then there usually wo n't be any problem 
Or if the design institute refers and Party A has not raised objections 
that will also usually do 
Oh 
Are there any projects in Shenzhen ? 
No 
Where are there usually a lot ? 
Recently , abroad 
Domestic ones are uncertain 
But there does n't seem to be any in Shenzhen 
There is one : Zhongshan combustion engine 
This one can be done 
Do you have an opportunity to make a referral ? 
Is it also making surveillance and entrance security ? 
There are some projects 
Wait until I have an opportunity to see the director and get an understanding 
Then I 'll report back to you 
Alright , thanks a lot 
You 're welcome 
Here ? I want to ask are you at the University of Toronto ? 
What ? 
Yea 
Oh 
No , one of my teacher friends wants to apply to the University of Toronto , I wanted to introduce her to you 
So she can ask about applying 
About applying ? 
What does she study ? 
Yea , right , she 's a junior at college now 
Just go right to the University of Toronto website 
Oh 
Are you returning to China over summer break ? 
Yea 
Your semester must be over soon , you must be pretty busy 
[ expression ] Yea , then I 'm going to do my graduation project . Thanks 
Sure 
Good luck 
I 'm reading lectures 
I also caught a cold 
So hard 
You 'll be free soon , just half a month left 
Why do you never say anything ? 
Oh , it is inconvenient during work , and I feel lazy after work 
You do n't take a break at noon ? 
Oh 
Have you been to Shenzhen ? 
I do n't have to go to work until two o'clock 
I 'll take a rest in a moment 
I went to work from March 1 
It 's been almost two months . I have met Bingui and Yuxiang 
They are doing big things 
Ho ho 
Is n't =Yuxiang in a software company ? 
There are good prospects 
He is now working on his own ? 
+ 
Right 
Ho ho 
I suppose he wo n't get out until the preliminary work is done 
Sometimes I feel very bored at work . Things are the same every day , and I lack passion 
I what to get out too , but I do n't have the ability 
I have been unwilling to work since long ago 
We are the same 
Ho ho , we have the same idea 
There is no enthusiasm 
Perhaps I have been working too long . State institutions are always like this 
but women can just muddle along 
and take care of kids 
You are fortunate , but we are men 
I am under pressure every day without daring to say anything 
It ca n't be that way 
I am new here and have to get used to a lot of things first 
Relief only comes when I reach a certain position 
That 's right 
I am very comfortable in Zhanjiang 
How is your wife ? 
Has she gone there too ? 
Now I 'm single 
Ah 
They are still there and have n't come yet 
=Single for the moment 
When will they go there ? 
Perhaps the next year . I will buy a house at the end of this year . I ca n't buy now 
The household registration ca n't be moved until next month 
Being alone is =somewhat free 
Yes . I will make great efforts in two years . If I do n't succeed , I will do it on my own 
People always have ambitions 
and dreams 
Come on , I just want to make more money . That 's not some kind of dream 
You are doing pretty well 
We are all after these , are n't we ? 
Just so - so 
When I was at a certain position in those days , I was managing other people . Now I am being managed by others . I do n't want to care about these 
Hehe 
I give myself two years . If I ca n't succeed , then I will quit 
Take the high - speed rail to Shenzhen when you have time 
The high - speed rail direct line has been opened 
OK , but now I will be busy taking care of kids whenever I am on vacation 
Is there a direct line ? 
It seems that we need to transfer 
April 1 . It seems that you do n't keep up with current affairs 
Today our colleagues say they are going to Shenzhen 
and I heard that there is no direct line 
Yes 
It has been opened 
We have to transfer in Guangzhou 
My greatest hope is that my child leads a better life than I do 
We all hope so 
How old is your kid 
Now I know how to make a good life , but I do n't have a solid foundation 
8 years old , daughter 
My kid will also be 8 years old two months later 
Mine was on September 24 
But I do n't chat online very often 
I feel it 's boring 
Perhaps it 's because I do n't like to talk 
Remember to call me when you go to Hong Kong 
88 
xiexie 
What 's going on ? 
Nothing , nothing … I just saw you 
Oh , I 'm still at the library studying 
Final exams ? ... 
Okay , okay … … [ Keep it up , keep it up | add oil , add oil ] , carry on … … I 'm still in bed here ... 
Yeah . They are n’t here yet 
But there is still a lot of homework 
(( Good , is n’t it ))…… That ’s why , it 's not easy to do anything~ [ Keep it up | add oil ] ! 
= _ = I forgot again when you 're coming back ... 
[ Oh God | Faint ] 
15th 
May ? 
[ No shit | superfluous words ] 
Heavens !!! There ’s less than a month left ! 
(( Good , is n’t it !!! )) 
Yeah 
Haha 
Our elder sister is [ desperately | a matter of life and death ] busy every day ... 
You carry on doing your homework , then … Heh ... 
Okay 
Forget it 
Let 's talk about it next time , hehe 
Next time I 'll forget 
I 've gotten old and my memory is n't good , brother 
If you forget about it , just forget it 
Haha , have you also gotten old ? 
By the way , how come I have n't received that " Special Focus " recently ? 
I only received two issues 
after the Chinese New Year 
Could you ask about it ? 
Gosh , it ca n't be true 
I 'll ask 
OK 
Give me the account number 
I think it is 170 yuan 
I did n't bring it 
I 'll bring it in the afternoon or tomorrow 
Hehe , really forget it , no need to be polite 
Oh , what are the conditions for the computer major student you spoke about last time ? 
You are even older than me , and you have n't necessarily not given in to old age 
Dial the 965888 complaint hotline 
Complain to the magazine ? 
Tell them your address , and ask why you have n't received " Special Focus " 
OK 
You just need to tell them the situation 
Alright 
It 's probably a problem with the delivery person 
I 'm alright now , and still play ball twice a week 
Hehe 
But I am also getting more forgetful . Often when I go to work and get to my office , I 've forgotten to bring my entrance security card , forgotten to bring my =cellphone , etc. 
Hehe 
Even more muddle - headed than me 
Hehe 
Oh , what are the conditions for the computer major student you are recruiting ? 
A relative from my hometown is studying this major 
I wonder if the student meets the conditions 
It 's already over now 
What 's the point of talking about it ? 
Oh 
Not a graduate from a university here in Hubei ? 
No 
Forget it 
An undergraduate ? 
I do n't know yet 
=Which school's ? 
But not a student graduating this year 
You , ah , you yourself did n't ask clearly 
I guess this one wo n't even meet the conditions 
So I did n't ask much 
Today you just happened to be here 
So I asked you first 
For our department , they must be from schools under Project 925 and graduating this year 
But there are also other posts in the corporation that do not require that they graduate this year 
And as long as they are from schools under Project 211 , that 's enough 
Oh 
I am also looking for talents in this regard right now 
I think the conditions are definitely high 
Hehe 
Computer science major ? 
That 's for sure , where is your brick that can be used as a door knocker ? Otherwise there 's no way of crossing the threshold 
School under Project 925 ? 
What does that mean ? 
Yes 
Gosh , you must have gotten old 
Do you know what Project 211 schools are ? 
In Hubei , only Wuhan University of Technology and Wuhan University count as Project 925 schools 
Does n't Project 211 mean the key 100 universities in the twenty - first century ? 
Jiang Zemin 's speech was on 2 / 11 
We had that already in the past 
Afterward , there was a September 25 speech 
There are too many Project 211 universities 
Does this one also need a computer major ? 
There are lots of them | When sweeping with a broom , there is a large bunch ] 
Yes 
I came online to see you . The computer is so slow , and even crashed when I logged on just now .
How did you sleep last night ? 
I woke up at one , and did n’t fall asleep even after taking a sleeping pill . I held on and got up at 7:30 
Insomnia and depression 
I have to go onsite . Talk to you later 
Sigh , what should I do ? 
Tutu 
When I return , no matter what happens , I will accompany you for a walk outside every night 
I was very , very tired yesterday , but I still clenched my teeth to go out and walk for an hour 
I went out to walk for half an hour this morning 
Let ’s exercise together when I return 
I do n’t know how to improve your sleep , I am worried about you 
I have unconsciously neglected you . I feel guilty , I feel miserable , and I was wrong 
Just like you said , I said I am lacking in energy and physical strength 
Even if this is the truth , it should not be the reason and excuse for me to neglect you 
Last night I was coughing very badly . I have been taking medicine during the last few months , but my health is still not good 
Reminded me of the wife Zhou Fanyi in “ Thunder Storm ” . I know , I am sick at heart 
Therefore , your illness can only be cured by me 
I do n’t even know whether you are my medicine 
I am very sad to hear you say so 
I am in fact hurting myself , and entrusting my happiness to other people ’s hands 
Underneath the beautiful clothes , everyone is living in hardship . No matter what happens , I will pray for you 
Hello tutu , do you miss me ? haha 
You finally came to see me , I am very happy 
I can not chat continuously 
I am still working 
I know you miss me and I am very happy 
How did you sleep last night ? 
I went out just now . [ Younger Sister | MM ] Shaolin came here . Sigh , she was having a crisis again , and got scolded by me .
Last night I was coughing with a lot of phlegm and mucus . I got up at midnight to take my medicine . Slept till after 3:00 and woke up , and then fell asleep again when it was almost 6:00 . Do your feet hurt when walking ? 
They do n’t hurt 
The problem still lies with the thumb 
Hoho 
Lack of exercise 
I ’m going to have the final meeting very soon 
Walk less tonight . Are you changing to another place tomorrow ? 
I am going to Dalian this afternoon 
I will set out after lunch 
Going to the next enterprise 
Good place . Take a couple of photos 
All of them are enterprises , I will photograph the main gates of the enterprises 
Hoho 
I ca n’t talk now , I am going to have a meeting 
Jinshan Lakeside 
I got up and had breakfast slightly after six this morning , set out to the enterprise at seven - thirty , and started inspecting the workshop at eight o’clock . I walked for two and a half hours , and just returned to the office . My legs hurt from walking 
You walked more than I did during my night exercises , hoho 
[ Honey | Wife ] , do you miss me ? 
Hoho 
Then you need not walk at night . I was practically sleepless after I woke up at 2:30 last night . I feel awful now ! 
The mosquitoes are staring at me only , and my nose is blocked . There are tissues all over the floor . Can you tell whether I miss you or not ? 
Oh , I do n’t know . You banished me , boohoohoohoo , so I wanted to ask you 
Do n’t answer a question with a question . You must answer directly .
You left on your own accord , and stayed out for more than ten days , leaving me home alone 
Do you want me to come back ? Haha 
Yes 
I miss you too 
I will accompany you to buy a mosquito net tonight 
You can keep me company in your dreams 
Mom went to the playground to look for Tutu after work . Tutu spotted Mom from a great distance , and immediately gave a happy smile , opening her arms to run =towards Mom , and held onto Mom ’s hand as they walked on .
This moment always makes my heart feel warm and sweet ! 
I will ignore you from now on 
You did n't accompany me yesterday 
As you wish 
I announce that you quit the group 
I said so because I missed you 
Show me the photos of Jing Jing 
Let me see what kind of girls you like 
She is not pretty 
I 'm too lazy to take a look 
Really ? 
Um 
Girls # # likes must have some characteristics 
What did you talk about with the class monitor yesterday ? 
She is very outstanding ( From mobile phone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] : Voice talk , efficient communication ! ) 
I worship her , 
but it does not mean that I like her now 
[ Rainy Alley | Yu Xiang ] was summarizing a feeling in the past 
The class monitor said that you maintained yourself in the best condition among us 
If you had also worshiped me 
I would be happy to hear that 
What would you be happy with ? 
If you had worshiped me , I would have been enjoying this memory now 
I also worshiped you 
No 
Then you write and publish a poem 
Admittedly , you do things well , but you are too straightforward 
You have offended some people 
You lost the debate yesterday , did n't you ? 
You all gave me low scores 
Who else did you solicit comments from ? 
We could have given you high scores 
In the eyes of the class monitor , I am very unqualified 
You 're too opinionated 
and you do n't listen to other people 
I do n't think my classmates in the class would give me high scores 
In my opinion , although I am relatively straightforward and stringent , 
they must have recognized me for who I am 
There is something wrong with the result 
You have regretted it , did n't you ? 
There is a relationship between doing things and getting along with others 
I will rely on you to teach me from now on 
You do n't listen to me 
my words 
I do listen 
What you say appears to be good 
but you are actually doing differently 
I will by =no means be fooled 
no 
I saw you were very nervous on the phone yesterday , explaining to your children 
No 
They like to ask 
Who are they ? 
What are their names ? 
Children are curious 
They even know the names of each of our colleagues 
Impressive little =detectives 
I am bored 
Let me chat with you 
OK 
Is the ranking that important ? 
What does it represent ? 
Your value ? 
My image among my classmates 
Why only girls were asked ? 
Both genders were asked 
Is n't a boy 's impression important ? 
Only girls were asked this time 
And you failed 
Except Yin , the only one who supported you 
Did you feel upset ? 
No 
We do n't talk about it anymore 
I love to joke 
Are you angry ? 
No 
You have someone to chat with every day 
You are having a very leisure life 
Yes 
Not bad 
I look on the bright side of things 
Do you really think that I 'm not bad ? 
Say it 
Say what ? 
I have nothing else to say 
Does your sister 's husband know someone in the Education Bureau ? 
I have no idea 
What for ? 
I 'll give you a call 
Um 
Xie Hua , I did n't find anyone . He will give me a call back later .
OK 
It 's very kind of him 
from the call 
What 's up ? 
He still has n't called me back 
I do n't know what happened 
Anyway , I 'll contact him again tonight 
Fine 
The class monitor was very angry yesterday 
He said a lot to me 
What was he angry about ? 
You unveiled his innermost thoughts 
Um 
That 's what I was supposed to do 
Why was he angry about being revealed ? 
He said Hui Ying was very pathetic 
I know what he meant 
So why was he angry ? 
He was angry because you unveiled his innermost thoughts 
I 've just said that , have n't I ? 
He was mainly worried about Hui Ying 
But Hui Ying did n't care about him 
That was not the same 
This is not a problem of caring or not 
His innermost thoughts were true , and did n't hurt anyone 
Why was he angry ? 
It could n't be true in the first place 
How would this joke matter to him ? 
The class monitor was thinking more 
and deeper 
What more and deeper ? 
Although it was a joke 
He was considering more for others 
Would Hui Ying be sad if she knew that he did n't like her very much ? 
If yes , would n't Hui Ying be silly ? 
No one was hurt 
I am saying I like this and I like that every day . Who have I hurt ? 
We are all just joking 
I just received a call 
My sister 's husband said that he needed to speak with the school first , 
and the school would speak with the Education Bureau 
If there would be a problem with the Education Bureau , 
he could turn to some acquaintances for help 
I 'll give you a call 
You can discuss it with the family 
to see how to deal with it 
Um 
I 'm talking about this type of mesh shoes 
I 'm afraid that they will still be hot on the hottest day . She can wear them in early summer and early fall 
Then , buy two types 
They can interchange 
I 'll go to a physical store on the weekend to look at the actual item 
Haha , they 're not expensive though . They can be worn casually 
Go inspect them first 
Okay 
Where is the physical store ? 
There is a Xidian Department Store near my house that sells this type of children 's shoes 
Check the price and the quality . If they are good , I 'll buy them , too 
Okay . If they are right , I 'll let you see the actual item after I buy them 
Um , I also plan on buying sandals for Tutu soon . I 'll wait for your good news 
Jiayi , I 'm here [ expression ] 
What is your gMAIL ? 
What 's up 
Oh ! Liu Chang said you wanted to join our SOCIOLINX review =group 
=group 
Oh , ha ha , yes 
Every one of us selected two words to prepare on GOOGLE DOC 
Ha ha , OK ha 
So after I add your email and SHARE it , you can select from it 
OK , exhausting 
You can select them yourself 
Oh ! No problem ! Do you know Anqi 's GMAIL ? 
Oh , wait a sec 
OK ! 
She does n't seem to be online so I ca n't ask her 
Oh~ does n't she have GMAIL ? 
It seems that GOOGLE DOCs can only use GMAIL 
I think she 's used this to set up some in the past , you wait another sec , I 'll look up the gmail address 
OK !! 
It does n't matter , why do n't I wait until she 's online and then ask her ! 
No problem , because I generally do n't use gmail , I have a lot of group work with her , and every time she sets up a google dox , so she must have one 
Oh !! Ha ha ! OK ! Sorry to trouble you ! 
Sister , hello ! 
Hello 
Can I ask you a question ? 
Sure 
Is there anything I should know about renting the Chunzhige stereo ? 
I recommend signing a contract , as for the down payment and final payment amounts and payment dates , the rental company has to provide things like an equipment form 
OK 
Sister , about that equipment , I do n't know what a lot of it is for , how do I choose those things ? 
You do n't have to do that , tell the other company your budget , and the anticipated results , and whether you have some special program lighting and sound requirements 
Then just have them give you a rough list 
You do n't have to understand every thing yourself , you have to negotiate well , it 's fine if you just create a stage effect 
Then I should tell them about my program in advance , then just tell them the result we want 
Then they handle the design for the stage effects ? 
Not completely 
But you do n't have to understand the roles and prices for each of those pieces of equipment 
Of course we will design the stage effects , and be helpded by the propaganda department , and have the results from the light and sound company 
I think I got it , I just tell them the results we want for our program , then they will figure out how to achieve this result 
Then we just need to play a " guiding " and coordinating role , right ? 
Yea , right 
Sister , then how far in advance should I contact them ? 
Now is OK 
It 's on May 11 this year ? 
Yea 
Then you can start , and we were originally going to find several companies , and compare their price results and reputations 
Yea , I already found a few companies , but I was n't very familiar with them before , I looked at some price sheets 
I do n't know what those do 
Now I know roughly what they do , thanks sister 
No problem , good luck , looking forward to your show 
Yea 
Sister , then I wo n't bother you anymore 
No problem 
Brother , yesterday I forgot to tell you , before we used Haizhisheng , I recommend you do n't use them ... their boss is hard to talk to 
OK , got it , thanks sister 
Are you there ? 
Coming 
Hehe , please give your instruction 
Two things 
Account Number 
Also , that relative of mine is a graduate of Hunan University 
Later , he did his graduate studies at Sun Yat - sen University 
I did n't bring it 
It 's a 211 University 
I really did n't bring it , you do n't need to rush 
Graduated last year 
he 's currently at a company in Shenzhen 
I 'll tell you another day when I have brought it , hehe 
What kind of people do you recruit ? 
OK .
Our department has finished recruiting 
Oh 
OK 
You need to look at the other departments . I 'm helping out there , the projects have n't begun yet 
I 'll keep in mind 
[ 133534 ] If and when it comes to the exams , I 'll tell you in advance 
Do you know how to write [ " of " | " dí " ] in Japanese ? 
Which [ of | dí ] ? 
Never mind 
Oh 
It 's done 
[ Yikes | forehead ] 
Has the recommendation letter been written ? 
It 's done . I just submitted the application yesterday 
I have to wait about one month for the notification 
Oh , OK 
I say you really are interesting , you signed the lease , what does renting or not renting have to do with me , who is helping who 
That is right , what did she say ? 
She did n't answer 
Right , I just used my cell phone to send an email to your QQ email address , see if you 've received it or not , I do n't have anything displayed here 
Oh , did n't you give a call and tell them 
That is to tell her that those two months that you paid her I can not pay , she wo n't be afraid 
? 
This sentence is a bit winding 
I do n't understand 
She sent it 
She is like this 
You send her a message and explain it more clearly 
Right , I just sent the recording to my own email address , but I see it seems I can not open the format , I 'm in a bit of a panic for being so careful 
OK , I 'll take a look 
I 'm tired of paying attention to her 
Right , first work on your assignment then 
Actually , it 'd all be over if her attitude was a bit better , I did n't say that I would n't find it for her , after all my deposit is still there , but she shrugged off responsibility as soon as we started 
It will drive you crazy if you try to talk sense with her , she has very thick skin 
How is there only one 
Background music 
I just sent it to your email address 
Can you open up my recording 
I ca n't open it up here 
Ha ha , your danleichen was spoken with extreme emotion 
I have a small group discussion at seven o'clock , so I 'm in a great hurry 
Right , if you transmit it onto youtube what format does it need to be transformed into ? 
Basically they all work 
Ha ha , OK 
I 'm make it an mp3 for you then 
OK 
Ha ha 
Did you receive it 
I 'll take a look 
I did not set up reminders 
Yeah , I received it , quite good , do you think you should add some clicking noise to the end ? 
O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O thanks 
The ending is very monotonous 
OK , but others have background music for the entire report 
Right , but its not easy for me to pull out that music , is there any technology that can pull out that music ? 
So we can only suddenly end it and connect to yours 
And eliminate the voices 
No , you can only do it yourself 
OK , why do n't I find a fairly eerie sound effect and add it on ? 
Yeah , you go to the sound effect web 
OK , what time are you going back ? 
We can go back together 
Can you download this one down 
I ca n't download this here 
Ugh , I 'm using those on my cell phone 
I 'll find one for you then 
OK , thank you , its fine as long as its about the same as that report , this one I just listened to was the sound of a rooster crowing 
This one will be good 
Professional news report 
What time are you going back 
I am in a small group discussion , I 'll see in a bit , thanks 
Half past 10 o'clock , 11 o'clock ? 
OK , contact me then , I 'm not sure myself 
Dear , too great , thanks !! 
Here 
I 'm leaving at 10:20 , we 'll make it 10:40 then 
ok , no problem 
ok 
This issue wo n't [ go south | yellow ] , will it ? 
Ask Teacher Liu . Perhaps there has been some changes ? 
It ca n't be 
Do n't worry 
Has Little Tang contacted you ? 
I 'll call her Monday after I turn in my homework 
I saw him when I went to the =Christian fellowship on Friday 
Sigh . I do n't think it 's really possible with him 
He 's about to go back to China 
Yeah , Okay . Why ? If he 's interested in you and you are satisfied with him , even if he goes back to China , it 's not important . He works in an American company . He can go to the States very often 
Okay . I did n't go to church today . He should be very unhappy again 
The key is whether or not he 's interested in you . Are you clear on that ? I know you have a good feeling about him . Sometimes you have to seize the nice guys , to avoid missing the opportunities 
Okay . I got it 
Did you tell him you did n't go to the church event because you had a lot of homework ? He should be very understanding , and not unhappy 
If he 's unhappy it also shows he still cares about you 
Oh gosh . I still have small group discussions in a while . I really do n't have time to discuss this matter right now . He can understand 
No. He cares about me leaving God 
Let 's not talk about this first 
Okay . You take care of it then . Take good care of yourself [ emoticon ] 
It ends the Wednesday after next 
The panel discussions just finished . There 's a presentation tomorrow 
Next week is " May first " . We have another few days of vacation 
Yes . That ’s really nice . I should become a teacher in the future 
Yes . Are n't you finishing on the week of May 2nd ? 
Yeah 
You do n't have class today ? 
It ’s Monday morning for you now ? 
Yes . As a teacher there are 3 months of vacation every year , in addition to the more than a dozen legal holidays each year . Of course it 's alright . Yes , today is Monday . I 'm attending the afternoon class 
Oh . Have you checked out what the matter is with your eyes ? 
My eyes are =bloodshot . It 's no problem . It 's still because of my eyes being dry . My eyes ' adjusting function is rather poor , that ’s why I just have to pay attention to resting my eyes more and not using them excessively , then there will be no problems . The eyedrops that were prescribed to me yesterday are very good 
It 's free of preservatives . Each little dropper is 8 ml . I just used it for one day and then I stopped . My eyes feel very comfortable too . It is unlike the previous eyedrops which were uncomfortable when I was dropping them in 
Oh . That 's good then 
No problem . Sigh . However , two weeks pass very quickly . Sigh . You are finally going to be free soon , which you have been looking forward to for so long , heh heh 
Yeah , yeah . I have things to do . Let 's not talk too much 
If you have time then rest your eyes a little bit 
Okay . You go take care of things [ emoticon ] 
A happy week has begun 
Good morning , classmate ++ [ expression ] 
Did you have a nice weekend ? 
Not bad . My husband went on a business trip , and I was home taking care of the kid . We went to a park , rode on a small train , rose on a carousel , and rafted in Huaguoshan . The kid was very happy ! You probably do n't remember things that happened in your kid 's childhood [ expression ] 
When I was a kid , I mainly played with mud and played eagle catching chicks ( from the mobile phone QQ : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Your child is very intelligent .
Hee hee , I really love to hear these words . Thank you for putting me in a good mood ! 
You need to keep up a constant good mood [ expression ] 
Yeah , to keep it " constant " . As long as there is Tutu , I can keep it constant 
The light of motherhood is radiating in all directions 
When I see her , and think of her , my light will radiate in all directions [ expression ] 
You are the same – the love of fatherhood is flooding out 
" Yeah , to keep " as the same " . As long as there is Tutu , I can keep it as the same ... " There is a deformity and a profound theory in these words 
Please talk about it 
Happiness is your own , and can not be built on others 
I do n't know what the word " keep " means 
Forgive me for speaking frankly [ expression ] 
Keep happy as the same , be safe and healthy as the same . Hee hee , I understand the truth , but I can not but follow conventional practice 
What else ? 
You are practicing Tai Chi 
?? 
I made a mistake then . I 'm sorry .
I know what you mean . Thanks ! I have slowly come to understand this .
In fact , I have made a big gain studying in Beijing – I understand the inspiration of a bus driver becoming a national model worker : If people are [ sincere to each other | exchange their heart for another heart ] , the yellow sky can change into gold . Really .
What 's more important is to disclaim all achievements one has made 
Everything does not aim at " exchange " 
The heart will be very tired if you care about rationale too much 
" Exchange ” here should be understood as a result , right ? 
In fact , a person 's heart may not be able to be exchanged for another person 's heart . If one does not expect to have another person 's heart in return at the beginning , one will be able to maintain peace of mind 
unless one gets hurt too deeply 
I 'm going to work now . [ Bye bye | 88 ] 
How are you in the afternoon ? 
A little bit sleepy . I ’ve been sleeping poorly . But at noon I went out and bought a few colored casual T - shirts . I 'll go out to play next month 
I always wear very plain things , and would like to change my style 
That ’s good 
Loving yourself means letting yourself relax 
Yeah , I need to give myself and my life a little color 
If you do n't sleep well , try walking barefoot . It works well .
It 's effective for me 
Heh heh , I can try that . I 've been desperate .
What about me ? 
Do n't say the word " desperate " lightly 
Heh heh , I 'm a patient with severe symptoms 
Life is not just grey 
??? 
What symptoms ? Is it insomnia ? 
Yeah , neurasthenia . It 's inherited . My grandfather and father both have it 
Be more positive . Treat it with traditional Chinese medicine and walk barefoot . It 's really effective .
I have been treated with traditional Chinese medicine , but it 's not effective . I have n't tried walking barefoot yet . I take sleeping pills every day now 
Gosh , I would get a prescription and buy some traditional Chinese medicine and mail to you , if I knew earlier 
Can you =tell me your telephone number ? 
I 've also had this experience before 
What magic medicine do you have ? 
Let 's exchange 
Tell me the recipe , I 'll go it buy myself 
I 've eaten a bucketful of medicine 
Sorry , my voice got hoarse . The leadership is sitting just next to me , so it 's inconvenient to talk . Thank you for your concern . Talk to you another day 
You are welcome . It 's what I should do . As long as you get better , I 'll be very happy .
In fact , I 've just encountered a depressed mood lately , and have almost corrected it .
That 's good then 
Let the spring breeze blow into every corner of our hearts 
My health has been poor . I 've found that health is the most important .
However , I 've discovered that I ’m very tough 
If normal people slept only 2 to 3 hours every day , and still had to do so much work during the day , I bet they would get burned out very soon 
Sleeping is more important than eating 
In the past , I could fall to sleep only after drinking alcohol .
I 'm going to take a walk often or do power walking , and then have a foot massage 
You will certainly get better as long as you keep doing it 
Good health is a blessing . Your condition will improve naturally 
Chinese medicine talks about channels . The neurons of all the body organs gather at feet 
So I focus on working on my feet [ expression ] 
I got the idea of walking barefoot by chance .
One day I was jogging in the park . An old lady said , " Young man , you exercise every day . " I said , " My health is poor . " 
She continued , " It 's easier for you to eat , live , and work than it is for me . Why are you sick ? It 's because your feet are not connected to the ground ’s qi now .
I suddenly understood .
It really makes sense 
I ca n't agree more ! I also think food tastes good only after it is touched by people , so we must eat cabbage shredded by hands , not with a knife [ expression ] 
That 's so humorous !!!!! 
You 're really talented !!!! 
I ’m serious . Go home and give it a try if you do not believe it 
I 'm speechless 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] , I 'm getting off work 
bye , ++ [ expression ] 
I slept well yesterday .
How do you view the behavior of the Philippines ? 
It ’s a shame , but I do n't care about and understand politics very much . But frankly speaking , I never liked that country , including its current state leaders 
I feel the same 
But I have the urge to have a fight , perhaps because of the difference between men and women 
Last year 's incident regarding the hijacking of Hong Kong people has made me extremely dislike that country . Aquino 's hideous and shameful smile in the interview reminds me of the word " beast " 
“ Fish gets homesick on a platter , and humans can live as ants and can be as beautiful as gods . ” Those are words of Gu Cheng , telling of the hardship of people 's lives ! 
I ate cabbage shredded by hands last night . [ expression ] The taste was really different .
When you said " speechless " yesterday , I did n’t say anything more . Just try it and you 'll know . My family likes to eat the hollow stems of water spinach shredded by hands . Stir - fry with hot peppers . It 's superb ! 
Yeah , " pony crossing the river " – I remember 
I 'm like the mother horse , waiting patiently for the pony to try 
The ground ’s qi is also very effective 
So it 'll be more delicious if it is picked from the ground and touched by people immediately 
It 'll be even better if you can put some dry chili pepper and Sichuan pepper 
I 'm talking about feet 
Pray for whose well - being 
One of my friends in Yongxin , whom I grew up 
What happened ? 
He fell down from upstairs . It 's hard to tell whether he will live or die . I feel very sorry 
People have unexpected good and bad fortune 
The weather is unpredictable 
Life is like ants 
So we must please take good care of ourselves , not only for ourselves , but also for our loved ones and friends who care about us from afar 
Yeah 
Is your mood getting better ? 
The most important issue now is health .
In recent months my health has been extremely poor . I had insomnia to begin with , plus I coughed all night , my whole nose is stuffed - up , and my stomach is also uncomfortable , so things have gotten much worse .
I need to balance my systems .
Last night there were a lot of mosquitoes . They were bothering me the whole night – I smacked eight of them .
Drink some honey water if you cough 
If your stomach is uncomfortable , drink a cup of warm water after you get up and wash every day . It 'll be quite effective if you keep doing it .
It 's because there is phlegm . I 've taken medicine for more than a month , and drunk honey water too , but they have no effect . I 'm getting older , and one ’s immunity gets weaker . The primary task this year is to improve health 
Maybe you have problems with your cervical vertebra 
Your qi and blood are obstructed 
It ’s caused by allergic rhinitis . I really have no problem with my cervical vertebra 
For allergic rhinitis , suck cool water into your nose when you wash your face and rinse your mouth . 3 - 5 rounds each time . It 's very effective .
I can try this . But it 's difficult to cure rhinitis . The spouse of the doctor I see also suffers from rhinitis , and wears a mask every day [ expression ] 
The key is to persevere 
Improve your health first , and your condition will naturally be improved 
As long as you pay attention , everything will just get better .
Yeah , I am very confident about myself ! I can definitely be lively and spirited , as in the past 
By the way , what about your glasses ? 
I did laser surgery . Am I brave ? If I want to do something , I just do it .
Are there any residual effects ? 
They 're not bad . I 'm quite satisfied 
I listened to you – I 'm drinking honey water . The important thing is perseverance . I did not do a good job 
Sucking water into the nose is just as important 
I feel that warm salt water may be better 
No , it works only if the cold water stimulates the nasal cavity 
Oh . I 'll go home and give it a try 
You must stick to it , Tutu ’s 
I think why most overweight people ca n't lose weight is because they do n't stick to doing it .
In order to be vigorous again , perseverance is a 
Which one is me ? 
? 
Those whose deeds accord with their words are supposed to be exceptions 
Was n't it sent ? 
It ’s very slow 
This one 's a bit difficult and has baffled a bunch of people 
The one wearing a windbreaker is you 
Blue 
In which row and on which seat ? That seems wrong 
In the second row , the second one from the left side 
Who is the woman wearing a windbreaker ? You guessed wrong 
It 's the one of yours last time that I just saw 
Some old classmates guessed everyone right except they got =me wrong , which made me very mad . And then , when I let them in on the secret , I got even madder when they answered : " Oh ? How did you get so old - fashioned ? " 
Which one did they think was you ? 
The first choice is the first one from the left side in the second row 
The second choice is the second one from the right side in the third row 
The next choice is the fourth one from the right side in the second row 
The main problem is the glasses 
However , you are more sunny now 
In the past , you were a little bit oppressed , probably because your parents were strict 
This is also the root of your current 
Childhood is very important 
I try to use the sunshine to get rid rid of the shade , and so I hope to give children a happy start in life 
Yeah 
> How is your friend ? 
It ’s the fourth day of his coma 
Really ? 
At Yongxin Hospital ? 
He was transferred to Ji’an 
Yongxin Hospital kills people 
Why did n't he go to Nanchang ? 
Both my mother and nephew were misdiagnosed by Yongxin hospital and died 
You ca n't blame Yongxin . It was too late , and there is the convention of going to the nearest one in a critical situation 
Nephew 》 ? 
Nephritis was diagnosed as a cold 
Congenital heart disease was diagnosed as 
It 's really scandalous 
I 'm angry . Did you protect your rights ? 
I had no desire and no energy 
My sympathies 
One has both happiness and sorrow living in small places 
It 's storming here now 
This is called fate 
This is called fate 
So there must be a person who has common medical knowledge in the home 
I began to learn common medical knowledge then 
Yeah , it 's quite necessary . My father has been studying health care , and there are a lot of medical books at home . I have been unconsciously influenced by what I constantly hear or see , and I also have some interest , but unfortunately , I have no energy 
I even think that a qualified mother should have medical knowledge 
It makes sense . General first aid knowledge , at least . I need to make up missed lessons 
Thanks 
Having a meeting . It 's boring ! ( from mobile phone QQ : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Yeah , meetings also annoy me the most . They are no different than killing people for money 
The bureaucratism is too serious 
[ Expression ] I 'm a commoner , and basically do n't need to be in meetings 
Are you at work ? ( from iPad QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
Yes 
Have you got through your work ? 
I 'm at home 
How could I get through my work ? 
Is there a group of your classmates on qq ? 
Yes 
From my high school 
Both the liberal arts classes and the science classes 
Do n't mention me to your group from # # 
OK 
I do n't want to have any connection to Jiangxi 
There are always people asking about you 
How are your parents ? 
They are both fine 
One of them spends the day eating 
and the other spends the day cursing 
Really ? 
In any case , I do n't see them too many times a week 
Let them fight it out 
In future , do n't mention me to your group from # # 
You can just say you do n't know how I 'm getting on 
What did you still tell these people my phone number and qq for ? 
I told # Yao 
I did n't tell anyone else 
Oh 
Why ? Do you have a problem with # Yao ? 
Oh 
No 
But it looks like it is not just her who knows 
Well that 's settled . In any case , we are also playmates who grew up with each other 
I have definitely not told anyone else your QQ number 
I think Long # # has asked for your phone number 
Do you remember Long # # ? 
I do n't know him 
It is just those two 
I have n't told other people how to get in touch with you 
They probably found out via other channels 
Just be careful 
I do n't want to have any connection to Jiangxi 
What 's the big deal ? You 're making it sound so mysterious 
Just because there is no big deal 
I simply do n't want to follow the convention 
I see 
Thanks 
How is your preparation of materials ? 
I 'm missing that top page of the article . The rest just need to be printed out 
I do n't know where I can find that top page of the article 
Do you want me to find it for you ? 
Okay 
Is it okay to ask for a letter of receipt from Hydrogen Energy ? 
I 'm also giving you the cover page of manuscript submission 
OK 
Do you want non-first - author ones ? 
No need 
Let 's get the second - author ones too and see if they can pass 
OK 
Check and receive 
I 've sent you all of your papers and you can see which ones to use 
For printing , just go to Campus 1 for printing 
The less trouble the better 
It 's all the same to me , because he needs to sign 
Some of them are not sent over ? 
If I go to Campus 1 to print , I still have to come back to get him to sign 
It seems so 
Then , just print here 
=That one just now was sent by mistake . This one is correct 
You just need to print the first page 
Oh , 
can I print at Teacher Yin 's place ? [ emoticon ] 
You can print on the first floor of 2H 
You can also go and print after having your lunch 
Oh , then I 'll go and print at =noontime 
Eat your meal 
Bring over the USB drive 
The horizontal axis of the impedance diagram you drew is frequency , how should the vertical axis be named ? 
In other words , what curve should the frequency correspond to ? [ emoticon ] ] 
What 's the significance ? That is , how to explain ? 
No need for the frequency , right ? 
I ca n't explain it clearly either 
Oh 
Oh 
How many pages can there be for the one you are writing ? 
Then , do you know the y - coordinate corresponding to frequency ? 
It should be the model of the real axis and imaginary axis of a normal impedance spectroscopy 
Oh , have you finished writing that one on ammonia ? I 'll be finishing this chapter soon 
I have n't finished writing it yet . I 'm writing now 
Oh 
If you have finished writing , just write about BaO 
I should be able to finalize this chapter on ammonia in a few days 
OK , it 's fine if you write so that I can sort out the entire thesis , including references and whatnot 
OK , I 'll write 
Send it to me 
You can just directly take a screenshot 
Have you found it ? 
Wait a minute 
See if this one is correct 
There are also politics and English 
There is n't any in this 
Does the Ph . D . program have English and politics ? 
Yes 
If you add English and politics , there will be enough for 17 
Do you get a May Day holiday ? 
Yes , we do 
What about you ? 
What happened about you going abroad ? 
We 'll probably get a one - day holiday 
Depending on the situation 
Nothing has come of it yet 
The result should come out in July 
Oh ! 
Have you been busy recently ? 
No 
Are all three of you going abroad ? 
We 'll decide at the time 
Which country have you applied to go to ? 
America 
Oh ! 
How have your =experiments gone recently ? 
experiments 
OK 
Have you made any progress ? 
I 've recently been writing a thesis for your old sister - in - law 
There will be a pre-oral - defense in a few days ' time 
Can you write your thesis when you have n't finished your experiments ? 
I 'm not doing them anymore 
I 've finished them 
As soon as you can graduate , you do n't do them anymore 
That 's okay too ? 
Hehe 
You can graduate when you 've written enough articles 
Which test are you doing now then ? 
Oh ! 
Which city in America are you going to ? 
I 'm not doing tests anymore at the moment 
I 'm first helping your old sister - in - law to graduate 
and then I 'll see how it goes 
I 'm going to Philadelphia in the US 
A city in the northeast part 
Oh 
How long are you going for ? 
What is your eldest brother 's QQ number ? 
For one year 
Is there a reason why you 're looking for him ? 
Nothing in particular 
I just wanted to add him if you have it 
I 'll have a look for it for you 
OK 
What about his screen name ? 
It 's [ Blue sea and blue sky | Bihai Lantian ] , right ? 
Yes 
Where are you going on holiday for May Day ? 
I 'm doing overtime 
Still doing overtime ? 
Yes , the upcoming month will be quite busy 
Oh ! 
Are you diving ? 
Do we have to bury our passion and destroy rationality before we have a way out ? 
Is the sun really not the same for a billionaire basking on beach as for an old volunteer ? 
Dramas have to come to an end finally , and only human thought will have a long history . And nobody can escape the trial of their own conscience .
Pure and kind souls are immune from the trial of conscience 
We seem to have to accept suffering from reality 
So then we have to discern and apprehend to a great degree 
I 'm confused as soon as anything crops up . I do n't have great wisdom 
What happened this time ? 
I 've just gotten better , and now you are like this again 
No. It 's choosing friends 
It 'll enough if you choose their good qualities and go with those 
Everyone has their own troubles , so it 's normal if we sometimes are not happy [ expression ] 
Yeah , just like my signature : we all have our 
We can not bear to see him sliding down .
Some things ca n't be done even once in one ’s lifetime .
Then give him a severe warning . The daily influence of education is too slow , and it 's important to save the person 
But I have n't come up with a better way . I seem to make more mistakes in the real world .
Does his so - called degeneration have something to do with you ? 
No. It 's business matters 
I seem to make more mistakes in the real world when following my way of thinking .
You ca n't play according to the normal rules in the business world . Some people are n’t fit for doing business 
That ’s not it 
He was nice , originally 
In order to succeed , he bribed officials and collected power to knock down his opponents 
He said that there would be no opportunities in the future 
I thought he actually lost points in others ’ eyes 
This is the current state of mind of many people – risk everything on a single venture . It ’s caused by the society 
I ca n’t stand for my friend to be like this 
You should persuade him and talk to him . You should be fulfill the duties of a friend . If he does n't listen , you can only pray for him 
It 's okay . It was a furious quarrel . He himself ca n't find a way out 
You 're perfectly right [ expression ] 
If you ca n't cross a river in the same boat , then just get out of the boat ahead of time 
We are not in the same boat . It 's his personal matter 
Relax more . Friends also follow the rule of survival of the fittest in natural selection . Life is long . Just as great waves wash away the sand , what 's left in the end are bosom friends 
I have the sense of the truth dawning on me in a flash after talking with you . Forget it , give it up , and let him be .
Are you happy today ? 
Are you happy today ? 
A flower in full bloom . A flower flying in a rage 
I 'm a falling flower 
Ha ha , then it 's not blooming , it is fading [ expression ] 
It fades away 
I 'm still happy , even though I failed 
I 've heard you singing in the wind 
Accompanied by the clear chirping of birds 
And the fragrance of the soil 
Transform into soil in spring to nurture the flowers more . I 've almost become soil 
Nurture new hope 
But I hope all things will begin anew , and that we wo n't stop struggling 
We get off work at four o'clock . How about you ? 
Happy [ Labor Day | May 1st ] to everyone ! 
Happiness be with you as well [ expression ] 
This afternoon I 'm going to participate in the government 's forced seizure of land 
I 'm in a bad mood 
You still have a conscience , and you ’re worthy of praise 
115 mu of green wo n't exist anymore 
The pockets of the developers are 
Gravediggers for future generations 
Being able to do something you love is living a most happy life 
Loving the things you are doing is happier . I 'm very happy to hide in my simple world , and I do n't want to see so many dirty things 
Yeah 
We ’re not strong enough yet 
We know we are weak , so we do n't compete 
Hee hee , right 
We have a flexible system this month , and have to work 8 hours every day , so I 'll stay for 10 more minutes 
Not competing is the greatest competition 
Yes . Laozi said , “ The world ca n’t compete with a person who himself does n't compete . ” 
Flexible system ? 
Right . I did n't know how to say the original words , you talented girl 
Punch in between 8:00 to 8:30 am , and punch out between 5:00 to 5:30 pm 
We have clocked in and out with fingerprints for a long time 
We use fingerprints too 
Technology being controlled by people with low morality is a retrogression of human nature 
It 's also a kind of tragedy 
So only those with great virtue can have responsibility and run the country with morality 
The leadership is very happy when people are controlled by machines [ expression ] 
It is an ideal country 
That is the direction of human progress 
The leadership will be happier if people become robots [ expression ] 
I 'm getting off work . Hope you have a good mood these days , and have a good time with your family 
[ Tortoise | Gui ] , are you there ? 
Reply to me soon as you see the [ QQ instant message | QQ ] , urgent matter .
[ I 'm here | zai ] 
I am looking for it for you right now 
I have sent it to your [ QQ instant messenger | qq ] mailbox 
[ Cow | Aniu ] , I sent it to you . Go online and have a look 
OK 
[ Tortoise | Gui ] , are you there ? 
[ I 'm here | zai ] 
Brother [ Tortoise | Gui ] , help 
What 's up ? 
See whether you can help me to find these among the [ juniors | younger brother apprentices and younger sister apprentices ] in your college 
Yeah , OK . I will help you ask around 
How is your graduation project coming along ? 
I have not done much of it 
Waiting until May 1 to do it 
The teacher is urging me to submit the preliminary draft 
((=Fuck )) 
=One big project , preliminary draft of the thesis , four essays on experiments 
It 's almost killing me 
We do n't have such things as preliminary drafts 
(( scold him )) 
Shit 
[ Duck | Yazi ] really treats me like a robot 
How are you doing on it so far ? 
Have you changed your telephone number again ? 
Right 
I could not get through when I called you yesterday 
Yesterday ? 
Impossible 
I often get no =signals in my dormitory 
At night , you give an explanation . Haha 
Really ? 
All right , I believe you 
I am going to have dinner now . Go ahead and do your own things 
The power was cut off very early on , and I went to bed early 
(( Center )) 
Do you have Yingjie 's telephone number ? 
I do n't have it 
How about [ Lecherous Pig 's | Sezhu 's ] ? 
I do n't know . I knew it in the past , now that I changed mobile phones , I do n't have it anymore 
Ask Zhang Heng 
He knows 
He is online 
A [ girl | MM ] has come to chat . Talk to you later . Haha 
Haha 
Zhu Zhu , did they book that flight ? 
I want local people to meet them 
12:25 flight on the 7th from Shanghai to Bangkok 
16:50 flight on the 11th from Bangkok back to Shanghai 
Yes , the outgoing flight 
Outgoing flight ? 
Pudong Airport T1 ? 
Yes , Pudong Airport 
OK , sorry to trouble you 
No trouble , thank you 
[ expression ] , header issued , smooth , taken care of .
OK [ expression ] 
How many more days before you come back ? ... ( from QQ Mobile : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
More than ten days 
I arrive on the 16th 
Oh ... That 's so long ... 
Haha , are you so eager to see me ? 
Oh ... arriving home ? ... 
Right 
That is true ... I am hollow , lonely and cold ... 
[ Oh God | Faint ] 
When I go back , at the most we shall be hollow together , haha 
Hahahaha ... there is a companion at least 
Yeah , yeah 
When I go back , I want to continue learning to drive 
What are you going to do when you come back ... 
OK .. I was just asking about your plans 
Haha 
A unspoken connection , is n't it ? 
Well ... I am idling about ... 
I have to go out to find a part - time job , I have not gone out at all ... 
What good part - time jobs are there in our area ? 
Mainly because I am always being nagged at home ... Bored , too ... 
Yeah , I also sent out several resumes for internship online , planning to go for interviews when I go back , and see how it goes 
But they are all in Shanghai 
Sigh ... internship ... Well ... With a specialty like mine , it 's hard to find something that fits 
Then find one that does n't fit , as long as you can earn money , it will do 
Hahahaha ... I do n't know how to do anything ... 
Came back from washing my face , and everyone is gone~ ( from QQ Mobile : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
How long did you take to wash it ? 
More than ten minutes~ 
[ Oh God | Faint ] 
All right , everyone has gone to bed 
Surely it was n't too long ? 
In any event , I have never washed my face for more than ten minutes 
Does n't that include brushing my teeth , washing the face and answering the call of nature~ 
Washing the feet 
Yeah , fine , are n't you going to sleep ? 
Soon~I am applying a facial mask ... My face has been terrible lately 
You go to bed too late . I am the one whose face is rotting soon 
Well ... a pockmark appeared for the first time ! [ Damn it | cheat dad ] !! 
Yeah 
Get well quickly and then meet me 
Why are you crying ? 
By the way , sigh ... are you now in the school ... preparing for the final examination ? 
Getting old ! Metabolism gets weaker , I 'm a goner ! 
Right 
Girl~ Which driving school did you enroll in ? ~How is it ? 
My dad helped me enroll in it . It 's OK 
The specifics~~ 
Because when I go back , I may transfer to the place where my sister is learning , and learn together with her 
So it 's not fixed for now 
I originally enrolled in the one next to (( Asia )) 
Looks like it 's Hongyun , right ? 
[ Yikes | forehead ] ... What was the driving school you were previously in like~ ? Such as coach~ Subject enrollment and such 
Now not many coaches are so [ whatchamacallit | something ] ... 
That coach of mine was an exceedingly nice person 
He was an old grandpa 
It seems that enrollment was conducted in turns 
Are the coaches randomly distributed or ? 
= = Then how long is the cycle generally~ Which subject level have you qualified up to now ? 
This depends on when you master it , I suppose . I have not even taken the examination for Subject Two and above 
If you learn quickly , you can take the examinations earlier 
Looks like it generally takes two to three weeks 
I do n't really remember now 
Big Sister , where will you go during the May 1st holidays ? 
I ’ll go to work tomorrow 
I ’m just having one day off today and half day yesterday 
Is n’t tomorrow May 1st ? 
Yeah 
But it ’s time to go to work 
[ OMG | Faint ] . You ’re so hard - working 
I ’m all right 
So are you having three days off ? 
Where are you going to play ? 
I did n’t go anywhere 
I went to the supermarket and bought a small roasted chicken 
I ’m eating it by myself after coming back 
Ha ha 
Having food all to yourself 
Yeah 
[ OMG | Faint ] ~ 
Have you eaten ? 
I ’ve eaten 
Oh 
What ’s up ? 
It ’s already past eight o’clock . Have n’t you eaten ? 
No 
I ’m not hungry 
It ’s so late , and you still have n’t eaten ? 
Eat less 
Yeah , okay . I ’m too fat now . My belly is bulging . It ’s scary 
Hurry up and lose weight 
I ca n’t . I can eat a lot now .
Two big bowls of =noodles for one meal 
Noodles 
[ OMG | Faint ] 
You eat so much 
Yeah , I ’m healthy now and everything tastes delicious 
It 's storming here 
Have you been walking barefoot ? 
Hee hee . I have rhinitis and am afraid of the cold . My nose gets bad when it 's cold . I 'll wait for the weather to get warm 
Hee hee . I have rhinitis and am afraid of the cold . My nose gets bad when it 's cold . I 'll wait for the weather to get warm 
It 's 30 degrees today , but it 's still cool in the morning and at night 
Have you been sucking water in with your nose ? 
I tried . Maybe I did it the wrong way – I choked 
Suck the water in slowly , and breathe out slowly 
I probably did it too fast , heh heh . I 'll go to the bathroom to give it a try in a while 
I 'm listening to a ballad 
You need to do it when you get up and wash your face and rinse your mouth , early in the morning 
I 'll share it 
Thanks 
It 's very soothing 
No wonder when Sun Yat - sen founded the Republic of China , when he asked Cai Yuanpei about how to develop education , Cai Yuanpei said to train a group of musician like Chopin first 
Music cleanses the mind , and sweeps out the dust 
Yeah 
Did you have fun on [ Labor Day | May 1st ] ? 
My child was sick , and the nanny was on vacation , so I was at home taking care of the child . When children are sick , grownups feel terribly worried . How about you ? 
Is your child getting better ? 
He 's getting better . He caught a cold . His nose is like a faucet , and he does n't eat or drink . But his eyes got swollen again when he got up this morning . Hey , hold on for a few more days 
I took the whole family to go hiking in the mountains . My father actually scaled a 1596 meter peak . He 's 80 years old – he ’s awesome 
You work hard .
Oh , is your father already 80 ? I admire him ! I recall seeing a 103 - year - old American woman doing high altitude sports a few days ago 
We 're too far apart – if we were n’t , I could help you with taking care of the child 
I would rest easy if I could give him to you 
I 'm an expert in taking care of kids 
When can you come to Beijing to help me look after the child for a few days ? [ expression ] 
I love kids too 
You 'll know when I go there and look after her 
I 'll be waiting for you 
I 'm very attentive 
Because I refuse to grow up myself , I 'm still a kid [ expression ] 
Elder Brother takes care of Little Sister [ expression ] 
I really like kids from the bottom of my heart .
Do n't you go online at night ? 
I do n't go online at home . It 's already past 10:00 when I finish being busy with the kid , it 's 11:00 when I 'm done being busy with my own stuff , and then it 's time to rest 
Your husband is busy with his work , right ? 
Yeah , he is so busy that he falls backwards with hands and legs in the air 
Is he a person from our hometown ? 
A person from Chongqing 
What kind of work does he do ? 
New energy and management 
Were you classmates ? 
We were internet friends 
You must have a very tacit understanding , right ? 
A super tacit understanding . I ’ve found out now that we 're a perfect match 
However , people from Chongqing or Jiangxi have some male chauvinism 
Heh heh , he may have suppressed himself then ? 
Tell me , and share with me 
It is not convenient now , but you are not there at noon 
If you like him , it definitely ca n't be wrong .
I 'll call you at noon 
What time do you go to work ? 
Heh heh , okay 
At 1:00 
1 pm , 8 am 
Your husband 's job is good 
It 's a rising industry , so he 's busy 
It 'll be even better in the future – rare goods are in short supply [ expression ] 
You have good insight 
He is too tired . I feel sorry for him 
Helping each other in difficult circumstances . Not bad [ expression ] 
If we are tired when we 're young , we 'll live in comfort when we 're old [ expression ] 
I hope we still have good health so that we can live in comfort when we get old 
Definitely . I believe without a doubt that we 'll be rewarded with good things 
In fact , I just hope him be healthy and happy . All men have career in their heart at the beginning 
From your previous words , I can see that you have the Eastern woman 's virtues from our Chinese classical culture [ expression ] 
But my brother said that I was wrong , that a man must have a career , and must be excellent 
You 're more refined , and more original 
He said I was out of touch with the times 
I want to bury myself alive then [ expression ] 
We all are modern people who should have passed away [ expression ] 
Children from families of intellectuals are mostly simple and not in tune with the times , and they have their own unique imprint . I think that ’s fine , too . I do n't agree with my brother 's statement 
This is a school song 
Did you write it yourself ? 
I could n't write this 
It has a school song taste 
It makes me time - travel 
to my college days 
Your heart must be very pure 
Hee hee . When I take tests , I always get teenagers ’ scores 
Only strong hearts can achieve this 
In fact , I 'm sensitive and fragile 
That is the engine of your talent 
Sometimes I envy others for understanding mundane affairs 
You are experienced and worldly-wise , and just wo n't follow the bad examples of others 
No. I 'm mentally immature and always fail to grow up . I 'm worried 
Silly girl , how could that be ? 
Anyway , my husband says he just likes me being simple - minded all the time [ expression ] 
Good women are loved by everyone 
Probably because I 'm simple and not calculated 
You can calculate but are not calculated . You 're a master 
How ? 
I 'm telling the truth 
You make a clear distinction between right and wrong , but are not engulfed by right and wrong 
Anyway , yesterday somebody said that I do n't have petty tricks , but have great wisdom [ expression ] 
This [ is just | 94 ] what I mean 
Are you going to go to Shenzhen too ? 
If you are the driver or doorman , I 'll come [ expression ] 
It 's a deal 
I ’ll only give you a ride 
I 'll take you to stroll around 
Hee hee , it sounds good 
The king 's words are to be taken seriously 
However , there is one exception – that my child ca n’t get sick 
That 's right 
Except for objective reasons 
Family is first in my heart 
That 's our common nature 
I 'm getting off work . Good bye , ++ [ expression ] 
Teacher Chen are you there or not 
Hello , I 'm here . Have you been well lately .
No so well , Teacher Chen , I would like to ask for your help ... 
What is it , I 'll definitely do my best if I can help you .
Is your job not going well ? 
Are all those in the same position like this as well ? 
If the conditions for the same position are all alike you do n't need to be too concerned . If its a 100 more than that is not much more , what do you say ? 
For you now you know the most important thing is to take advantage of the English language environment to improve your language while you 're in the country , once you study to the point where you are very fluent in the language if you are not satisfied with this job you can adjust and change jobs at any time .
They directly hurt people quite cruelly , furthermore , we work cruelly excessive overtime every day ...... 
Are there any other Chinese nationality employees in your restaurant .
Furthermore , today I got in to a pretty bad argument with the managers and supervisors , I expect in the days ahead they wo n't be easy on me [ expression ] 
The great majority that came before have already left , eh , this was the former restaurant of Zhang Mingyue 
You need to learn how to be calm when you 're young , speaking up after your wings are hard , its nothing to worry about .
Eh .... Endure hardships to increase one 's resolve , , , 
The reason that you went to Dubai is to bring out your English . Work hard at it . Be happy . Only this will look like my student , a true man has to know humility to excel .
Its this reasoning huh , I do n't plan to return , however , the contract is so bad , I ca n't do things for nothing 
Later when you have skill , I will definitely recommend a better job for you , 
You look at that contract you signed in the past , Teacher Sun should have it on file .
Be a bit hardworking when you 're young , being wronged is a kind of training . Believe that you will adjust yourself well .
This time , is it just you , or is there a group of people with this kind of situation ? 
According to what you say the enterprise does not need to make things difficult for one employee for a trivial 100 Yuan , because there are only two types of wage standards , if its not 1,000 Yuan then it should be 1,300 Yuan , so if your wages do n't return to 1,000 Yuan they will grow to 1,300 , because there is no 1,100 wage standard .
However , my contract is 1,100 , they now say its wrong , I 've already worked five months 
The fifth month is wrong .... 
What standards were your previous wages issued at ? 
Issued at 1,100 
Ugh , it 's always the most basic level employees that are wronged the most .... How is it its also like this abroad , this appears in every society , , , , , 
Practice your English well , study well enterprise management knowledge and experience , you 'll have plenty of opportunities in the future .
Meet setbacks with a smile , be a real man . [ expression ] [ expression ] 
Ha ha ... I know what to do to =achieve my aim , but I do n't like taking losses for nothing 
I am absolutely not teaching you to be weak , when you need to be strong you definitely do n't want to concede . You know what kind of person your teacher is .
Yeah yeah , I know Teacher Chen , so the first thing was to ask you your views 
Hmm , but today I got into a very bad argument , and cursed people , ugh ... I did not control my own emotions !!! 
Go to work according to the normal work times , find an opportunity to communicate with the person you argued with , believe that the other person will understand you .
Hmm ... 
Relax your emotions a bit , take the approach that what 's in the past is in the past , this will show you to be generous .
Yeah ... your attitude determines everything .. 
Yeah , I will do my best then 
Thank you , Teacher Chen , for your analysis of me 
Online 
I still have an extra reading and handout ha 
I 'll first send the ppt to you then 
OK 
I have something to do now and have to go out 
Oh 
OK then , first go to it then 
Remember to send me it off - line when you get back 
OK 
You remind me 
OK 
I wo n't be online in a bit , I 'll give you a message 
Hi sister , can I ask are you there ? 
I 'm here 
Haha , sorry to trouble you , did Lan Bin talk to you about the situation ? 
Yes , is your situation very urgent ? 
I 'm just getting ready to go out , this evening I have a thesis proposal , I have to print out my thesis 
Yea , it 's very urgent , I have to turn in the paper tonight 
Oh 
Why do n't you call me directly ? 
Why do n't you go do your thing first , when do you think you will be back from printing ? 
I 'll call you when I get back , OK ? 
You can call any timme before 7 o'clock 
OK . Have you gotten any enrollment notices from overseas schools lately ? 
Yea , I got them a little while ago 
I 'm going to study in August of this year 
OK , good , then I 'll call you in a while 
You go work first , good luck at your defense this evening 
[ expression ] OK . It 's best if you call me from the office phone , I have a Zhongshan number , the telephone fee is higher 
I found it when I returned home this time , I forgot when it was taken or where it was taken .
Hello 
You still have n't gone to sleep ? 
I think this is a photo I took in 1994 during a winter vacation party 
It must be at the post office gate 
Looking at it makes me feel so warm . Thank you ! 
Girl , are you there ? I 'm back home . Mother wants to speak to you .
haha , I 'm here . I 'm looking for houses online 
Can you video chat ? 
Are you getting ready to move ? 
I ca n't video chat . I 'll call back 
I am eating quite well 
Rest early 
I 'm cooking . I need to go to the kitchen . Your dad has a training in Tijiao this afternoon , so he needs to eat early 
Go ahead then 
I 'll look at the house ’s information =again 
Your dad went down to wash the car 
Danlei , just look for houses at school 
Yes 
I know . You hurry and go cook 
I ’m not talking with you anymore 
You ca n't do it today either then . Look for it again tomorrow 
Okay , I know . I 'm turning off the video 
Go home early for some rest 
Okay , see you tomorrow 
You hurry and go cook 
Bye - bye 
Happy Mother 's Day ( from mobile phone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
I was in Shanxi between May 11th and 13th , and just got back at ten o'clock last night . Thanks for your greeting .
How are you doing these days ? 
All right 
Were you on a business trip ? 
" All right " , has a meaning of not being perfect enough . I went to travel 
It was a department activity 
Pingyao ’s old walled city is beautiful 
Wang ′ s Grand Courtyard is worth seeing 
Jin Memorial Hall is smaller , but it ’s exquisite 
I have a good impression of Shanxi 
Beauty is everywhere if you have discerning eyes 
Hee hee , any place is good if your mood is good 
Take your daughter and wife to visit Beijing over summer vacation 
How is your friend ? 
My daughter has been there quite a few times 
He has recovered well , but the after - effects are uncertain . He 's waiting for information to see if he needs to come to Beijing for rehabilitation 
Heh heh , then you just take your wife , or come by yourself 
We 'll see each other in Shenzhen 
Shenzhen is still not sure 
Anything is possible 
Is there still suspense ? 
I 'm afraid I 'll be too busy to come 
Does n’t your work unit have official holidays ? 
There are holidays , but the work often ca n't get finished . I 'm also afraid that I ca n't come because of the poor health of myself or my child 
I 'm also afraid that the nanny will ask for leave unexpectedly 
I want to take you to Gulangyu at that time , too 
Even if I go to Shenzhen this time , I wo n't have time to go to Gulangyu . Only if you appreciate beautiful scenery well , will you do it justice .
The ideas of an exquisite woman are unique 
Do n't miss good people and good scenery , and do them justice 
I am so fat that I can not bear to look at myself now 
I am already 160 now 
This is only 6 months 
If you are not pregnant , you wo n't have a chance to see a chubby you , either . After giving birth , you will slim down immediately . Do n't let it burden you 
Tell me , wo n't I be 180 in the end ? 
Oh , it 's fine . You are a skinny person , after that you will slim down to your original weight . I was over two hundred , and did n't I also slim down slowly ? 
When I see my own thick arms , I suddenly lose my appetite 
Take good advantage of the moment when you can eat in an unrestrained manner , haha 
How heavy was your son when he was born ? 
Seven catties and seven taels 
It 's very critical that a child is robust in the womb . When my baby was born , there was not a single bruise on his body . He is now over a year old , and has never fallen ill 
Really ? 
I will just console myself with this 
My mom ballooned from 90 to 170 when she was pregnant with me 
When I was young , I was also very robust , and I have never been on an intravenous drip since young 
The one for Bank of Communications has already been redeemed 
I 'll go to the bank in a bit for the Agricultural Bank of China one 
Oh 
Print the =details for Agricultural Bank of China first 
Do n't we already have the details ? 
They have all been redeemed 
I ’m unable to print the details for the Agricultural Bank of China 's funds 
I can only see the sum that has been redeemed 
The people from Agricultural Bank of China said it will take 2 days to reach the account if it 's fast . If slow , maybe 5 days 
Oh 
Keep the passbook with me here first , for use when withdrawing the money 
Oh 
After withdrawing the money , I 'll delete the ones with my name straight away , ha 
As you please 
When the money arrives , just buy your workplace 's 
Yeah 
When I arrived in the morning I told my supervisor about it 
She said it 's no problem 
Good 
See how much there is . Make it a whole number 
The people from Agricultural Bank of China told me that , looking at the current amount , it ’s about 19,600 
However , this number was the share price on Friday 
Call me back if you 're not busy 
Check online about decorating the bridal chamber bed . What is placed on the bed ? Peanuts and so on ? 
I already checked and found it 
Which one is your current girlfriend ? 
What are you going to do , Sister - in - law 0 0 ? 
Just showing some concern for you 
I thought you wanted to introduce a partner to me 
Do n't you have a partner now ? 
Would it kill you to tell the truth ? 
No , what 's wrong ? 
You blew it with Wang Yanan ? 
Your elder brother said she was pretty nice 
[ Yeah | rise ] 
Better than all those from before 
What 's wrong ? 
We can not get along .. No choice .. 
Well , you are going to be an old [ bachelor | bare stick ] soon 
Why should I worry~ How old was my brother when he got married ? 
I have n't surpassed him 
Hello , hello , hello ... 
Sister - in - law .. (( do n't you dare ignore me )) 
Hehe , you turn out to be online 
Yes , haha 
I 'm used to being invisible sometimes 
Have you eaten yet ? Haha , invisible man 
Yes , I have . Haha 
I 'll be invisible if I want to see or do something 
Are you going to the gathering in Shenzhen ? I have n't seen you for a long time 
Yes , I will probably go if nothing unexpected happens 
You should go , too 
Um , I 'm shooting for that . At least I can see the beauty Bingbing . There is a lot of impetus 
Haha . It 's seeing you instead . I was afraid to say I recognize you at the first glance of your picture 
Hum Hum . This is what I fear the most . No one recognize me anymore . I 'm afraid to show my face 
We wo n't . Basically , we 've all seen the pictures 
You 're getting prettier and prettier and you 're still not happy 
However , getting my face changed free is also a gain 
I 'll go on your zone to look at the beautiful girl to get some eye entertainment and to release some stress later 
Oh , time can really change a person 
Haha , do n't listen to them jerk you around . I 'm still the same 
I saw a few of your pictures . They were very beautiful . It 's too bad that there were too few 
Summer is still not here and my complexion is already like a Malaysian . Haha 
Haha , that 's global trendy complexion . Only big stars have it 
Pale is considered to be beautiful for the Chinese . Haha 
Pale complexion will sometimes cover many bad features 
You 're Global Long . You overshadow [ Zhang Ziyi | Global Zhang ] 
However , I like to have fun so that 's nothing I can do 
I like picture DSC00337 very much 
Which one ? 
The one in a black dress and a black hat on the overpass 
Um , that was 2009 
It seemed to be in Guilin 
2008 
Faint . Four years went by all of a sudden . Haha 
A beautiful woman with many faces . You are sometimes charming , sometimes innocent , and sometimes trendy 
That 's why Yangtian said that I 'm a narcissist . Haha 
Women must be narcissistic and should not wait for people to love them 
Um , who would love you if you do n't love yourself 
Fine car and beautiful woman . Is the red Beetle your car ? 
No , it 's my friend 's 
I went to a function with her 
I like SUV 
What a different girl 
She likes red pants 
Deep down , I 'm rather rebellious . Haha 
There are many nice things but unfortunately , I have to work now . I 'll take my time to look at them later 
Um , haha , I like to take pictures when I travel 
Yes , you need to take more . They are the evidence and memory of youth and beauty . I 'm going to work now . We 'll chat later [ expression ] 
Okay . Work first 
[ Goodbye | 88 ] 
What 's up ? 
This child is really a~~knucklehead ? Cold - blooded 
Then let her resign 
I am now wondering how credible it is 
I feel that she should have this idea 
Not necessarily , from the tone of voice . Now I shall make no comments whatsoever about Little Zhang 
This child has a side which she keeps hidden at first . It 's also hard to say 
I want to look for Little Zhang directly and discuss it 
It 's not necessary . Little Zhang will not [ tell you the truth | discuss the 1 , 2 , 3 ] . Who does n't know how to act the fool ? 
From her appearance , just think about it , I never would have thought she would send those text messages 
The one who wants to play Concubine Zhen Huan =is her , right ? 
Even if you talk to her , there will be two possibilities . First , the conversation falls apart , making you angry , and she still does what she wants to do . Second , you two have a successful conversation , but when you come back after giving birth , she has gotten used to her job , and goes back on her word 
I 'm just thinking how could this child be so [ untrustworthy | non-local ] 
Does n't she just have two objectives now ? One is =raising her pay , and one is to be an accountant 
We have always treated her so well 
It 's really a waste 
Did n't I say so before 
Now she =feels a little [ cocky | open face ] 
Now she feels a little [ cocky | open face ] 
I want to tell Liu that during my maternity leave , regardless whether Little Zhang does a good job or does n't do a good job , I will not help her again or offer her guidance . What do you think ? 
This way will make you look bad 
You might as well hold back a trick or two 
Teach =her , but not completely 
I already do n't want to teach her now 
No foundation whatsoever , how do I teach her ? 
Then let her grope her way on her own 
Is n't she supposed to be extraordinary ? [ She | other people ] was actually recruited by [ General Manager | GM ] Zhang 
Something slightly amiss , and [ she | other people ] would want to resign 
Actually , I really do n't care 
If she does n't step aside when I come back , I can just leave , ca n't I ? 
Haitian is also not such a nice place 
On what basis ? Besides , [ General Manager | GM ] Zhang even retains people like her , [ General Manager | GM ] Zhang will definitely not let you leave either 
Make a fuss . As if others do n't know how to 
How come there are still people who behave like that ? 
Money is very important to her 
That 's fine . Now you stay out of everything before you give birth to your baby . (( Thinking of her would be [ a torment | toss from side to side ] )) 
Who knows whether she can hold on until you come back ? 
Do you think if Liu will interfere on the inside or not ? 
Try to smooth things over 
It 's true that Liu is not willing to offend her 
This woman is not any better 
I am curious even now , what was Little Zhang thinking ? 
She does n't know statements . She does n't know salaries 
How to guide them , how to review ? 
Even if you ask her , she will not tell you the truth 
[ She | other people ] is really something 
Nanjing is newly established this year , and everything is new . Can she handle it ? 
Why are you worrying ? 
Previously , Liu asked Dong to take charge of Chongqing in my place during my maternity leave , Little Dong dared not even accept 
Little Dong is far more experienced than Little Zhang , right ? 
If Little Zhang takes over your work , a suitable person must also take over her work 
When the time comes , perhaps you 'll be going home soon for the maternity leave . At the worst , you can take an early rest 
See how she handles it 
It is said that that little boy will come in July 
If not I would take leave earlier 
Right 
I do n't care 
Let her do what she wants to do 
You should not be worried about this 
When you come back , you just say you want to resume your original post 
It is not difficult for the likes of you to find another job , and Zhang Ni will definitely retain you 
Wait and see , when I 'm gone , Li will also suffer 
Things like statements will be messed up 
That is even better 
Well , the human heart~~~ 
I am also completely sad about Little Zhang 
Regardless how Liu Hongxia [ described it in vivid detail | described the nose and eyes ] 
But we saw Little Zhang 's text messages 
This fact can not be denied . This child , Little Zhang , is [ untrustworthy | non-local ] , not worth making friends with her 
It is a little too much to say " repay other 's kindness . " But you should treat others roughly in the same way others treat you 
Now it seems like we have a grudge against her 
[ She | other people ] does n't think that we treat her kindly 
She is here to seek revenge 
[ She | other people ] is feeling very wronged in general 
She came back to right the wrongs and seek revenge 
Are you there ? 
How is it you ’ve changed into a hermit lately ? [ expression ] 
I 've been a little bit busy 
I 'm standing inside of the windows / Through the smoke of the cigarette in my hand , which is curling upwards / I see houses reflected by lights , one by one / like cinerary caskets , one by one . / And I am inside one of them / I look down and see [ expression ] have climbed up to my windowsill / The cigarette has also gone out .
Funny anecdotes from abroad . If you have a pear , and put it in the fridge , it will become a frozen pear ! 
Refrigeration can change pressure into motive . Is that your poem ? 
No 
The previous one was 
So you 're a poet 
I ca n't be considered one , but it 's beautiful for people to live in poetry 
It 's well - written , and has some significance . Share with me if you have new poems 
They are just words in separated lines , at the very most 
It 's unfortunate for a man to choose an unsuitable job . If I worked on the cultural front , it might be more suitable for me , and I would be happier .
Poems show my high ideals . It ’s enough if I can vent and express my own feelings 
Thanks for your understanding 
Since you chose this vocation , just love what you chose 
I was passing through your heart . It was not me who did not want to stay , but you did not want to take . This may be the biggest entanglement in a two - sided relationship 
I fall for the moon , but the moon casts her glow on the ditch instead .
Have n’t you encountered this ? 
Heh heh . I have always been going relatively smoothly . My wishes basically come true . It seems that ++ has had many setbacks [ expression ] 
Perhaps I have experienced more than you have .
It 's quite hard for a large family to be away from home 
I have to face a lot of beautiful women [ expression ] Yeah , you can understand the difficulties for men currently 
It 's kind of you to say so 
I 'm saying that a lot of good ideas of mine can not be carried out 
You seem to still be young and passionate . I have n't had many ideas any more , and do n't expect them to get carried out 
They are mainly family affairs 
11 people have to eat 
Maybe you love to get involved in things . I basically do n't care , and I ’m happy to be simple and carefree 
Has everyone been leading separate lives ? 
How could that be possible ? 
Three children of our family are completely independent , and the parents basically are n't concerned either . You might have your own problems 
While one ’s parents are alive , one should not travel . If one has to travel , there should be a definite direction .
I wo n't say any more 
It 's hard for them to leave home and follow me 
I 'm sorry 
That 's all right 
Them ? Including the elder brother and the younger brother ? 
Thank you for listening to my troubles 
Yeah , their two small families 
If you 're happy , I 'll be happy too 
Do they have any financial resources ? 
They 're working in my factory 
There should be a unified plan , I think .
This is too much trouble . You are really tired , and your heart is even more tired 
I ca n't help it . It 's still okay . God loves me and gives me experience 
It 's actually a taboo for a big family to be together 
But there has to be a way 
To put it simply , if the kids go to school , that ’s good enough 
But I also try to make my younger brother go out to be his own boss 
Do n't make them too dependent on you . Ultimately , they still have to be independent 
Yeah 
So your parents have good fortune – you guys are all showing great promise .
The success of education in our family lies in : self - esteem and self - strengthening 
I 'm now teaching my daughter this way 
In fact , our parents did not teach us these principles , but we are naturally this way . Especially for me : I do not want to always be weighed down by my elder brother and sister and be unable to lift my head 
I have some things , [ bye bye | 88 ] 
Why am I so annoyed by this Ma Yanxue ? Did nothing but brag during the meeting at the college ( from QQ Mobile : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
He is nothing but a [ good braggart | good at blowing ] 
Moreover , I feel that he does n't do a proper thing all day 
Right . It 's annoying ( from QQ Mobile : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
Talking about how very capable he himself is , and how he was promoted only because he thought a lot for Zhang and Zou .
Is it meaningful ? 
[ Oh God | Faint ] 
There was actually something like this ? 
Hoho .
Talent 
Zhang Xudong also flatters him 
They are now in the same gang , probably 
Yeah . I can see that now .
District Director Chen , [ what | divine horse ] is the new thinking ? ? Hoho [ emoticon ] 
Yeah , right 
There will be one lecture on marketing this week , and this is my topic .
Is it in Wuhan ? 
Yes , a real estate company .
Oh * * Hoho [ emoticon ] 
How is the little friend now ? ( from iPad QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
The little friend has grown up 
How well does he speak Chinese ? 
I guess not as well as he speaks English 
His Chinese is much better than English 
He can now tell a story in broken Chinese 
He ca n't even say 26 letters in English completely 
Ah , that 's going to cause trouble .
Growing up in America 
Ca n't speak English well 
That 's laughable 

Do n't worry , by the time he goes to school , he will speak all English . Then you 'll worry he wo n't speak Chinese 
Let 's hope 
Make it a rule he 
must speak Chinese at home 
and speak English outside 
So , what language is he speaking with his little friends around him ? 
A mixture of Chinese and English 
If he ca n't speak English , then he 'll speak Chinese 
Then , how could his little friends around him communicate with him ? 
A bit difficult 
Then , is n't he very lonely ? 
Is he living in a school dorm ? 
No 
I send him to the kindergarten in the morning , and pick him up after I get off work in the afternoon 
Is n't he going to school ? 
Has n't he learned how to speak English in the kindergarten ? 
It takes time 
He is only two years old 
Is n't he very naughty ? 
It 's fine 
Always bullies others ? 
At school , he is bullied by other people and also bullies other people 
He bullies me at home 
I guess he bullies other people more 
I guess he bullies other people more 
Okay 
I 'm going to bed 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Yeah , I just got online 
Uncle Chen , let 's fix a time next week . You decide on the time , Thursday 
OK . I just came back 
Ah 
Then we can chat now 
I just came back , too 
I heard you were not in a good mood lately , right ? 
I want to be transferred to the =lobby 
Has your post never been changed ? 
Have you applied or not ? 
Will talk to the manager tomorrow 
But hopes are slim 
Do you want to change a hotel ? 
Or do you only want to change your post in this hotel ? 
I plan to change my post first 
Then change hotels 
In your batch ; has there been anyone who successfully changed their posts ? 
Are you still outdoors now ? 
Yeah 
No 
Did n't they say the posts would be adjusted some time ago ? How come it was n't changed ? 
The response given to me by the manager was that I should attend English lessons first 
It 's not a problem with English . It 's because my manager does n't really want to promote me , he wants to promote another person 
He has already let that person assume the post 
Is he a Chinese employee ? 
No 
He is a Filipino 
If you leave this hotel now , will there be issues of compensation ? 
Yes 
The Filipino 's English should be pretty good , because English is originally spoken in their country 
The key point is that his standard of English is the same as mine 
Both of us are L 3 
Both of us took the hotel 's English test 
The highest is L 4 
As long as you are not outdoors now , I suggest that you wait first to see whether there is still a chance . Interpersonal relationships are also extremely important in society .
I understand 
The reason why I am now so eager to change the post is because I will be transferred to the outside 
Filipinos are still somewhat better than Chinese in their ability to use English . Do n't tell me you are once again assigned to the outside ? 
Myself =and that Filipino are the best in English in the department 
Yes 
Soon I must go outside once again 
I have already communicated with Manager Yuan . He agreed to try his best to help you . He also suggested that you try your best not to change hotels until the time period involving compensation has passed 
My thinking is that it 's best to jump to a 7 - star 
Go and ask around , how much are fees involved for compensation if you were to leave now ? 
2700 
I just accompanied other people to resign today 
In addition , it also depends on whether a 7 - star lacks personnel or not .
I will communicate your thoughts with Manager Yuan once again .
Yeah 
2700 in dirham , right ? 
Yeah 
Do n't breathe a word about it first , =wait until you have =information .
Yeah 
Information 
Are there any other matters bothering you ? 
No 
I have always been well 
Regarding your studies , I have always been thinking of ways . Because you only have a high school diploma , you are required to take part in the college entrance examination if you apply for undergraduate programs . Of course , this is the official channel .
I understand 
Heard your mom say that you seemed to be in a very irritable mood . You are outside alone , ; you must learn to stay calm .
I am going back to Wuhan next year . It 's likely that I will go back to school . I will set up the project class as soon as I go back . There should be no big problems for you to take part in this project class .
Yeah 
Thank you 
No need to thank me . I would be very glad if I can do something for you .
Yeah 
I also hope that I am able to . But the current situation is that there is not much difference between my job and a PA . The things which can be learned is really very limited . Basically there is no opportunity to access service skills .
In terms of English , you must review the basic English which you previously learned . You have not stayed in school for long , because all of these are very important when you go into formal studies again in the future .
Yeah 
Is your everyday work cleaning ? 
I will coordinate with Manager Yuan on this matter as soon as possible 
Yeah 
Once I started , I have been at it for 8 months 
I have endured it for 8 months , and now I can not bear it anymore 
I have been holding on to this way of thinking to suffer through this ordeal . Otherwise with my personality , I would be the first to resign .. 
Never ever resort to suffering , suffering is a very difficult thing to bear .
I also hope that I am not suffering 
Have you ever thought about what you would do if you were to change to a new post with even worse circumstances than your current one after you resign ? 
This is already the worst one 
I will try my best to help you . I hope you can hang on with a calm state of mind until the procedures for a new post have been completed 
Yeah 
Do n't worry 
Yeah 
Am I being a little long - winded ? 
To be honest , a little ... 
Then I will not say anything more . Be happy and healthy .
Yeah , do n't worry 
[ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] [ Bye , bye | 886 ] 
Bye , bye 
Teacher , that immunization certificate thing . Do I need to =take those forms to the doctor to fill out ? 
Should I have sent the forms to you then ? Just print out that form and that would be fine 
Eh , can you send it again ? I do n't know where I put it 
How is it you went to work so early 
Will you come over to Guangzhou any time soon ? Actually , the school also mailed that form over , if it 's easy for you to come over , it would also be find to get a ready made one 
I 'm returning on the 20th , getting my visa on the 21st , however , I wo n't necessarily go to your company 
Are you in Guangtu or in Tianhe ? 
Guangtu 
Then you just print out an electronic version then 
Yeah yeah , OK . You send it to me then 
Teacher , you send it to my email address or send an off - line document to me . I have to go out for a bit now . Sorry to trouble you 
I 've already sent an off - line document , let me know when you receive it ~~ 
My disciple Qiong Qiong , do you know why Yin Yin [ fought | PK ] me again this time in order to protect Xie Hua ? 
I did not attack Xie Hua at all , but she still wanted to defend him . Can you tell me your understanding ? 
I am leaving for a meal . You can leave a message 
Ha - ha , although I do n't know what happened between you guys 
Xie Hua criticized the schoolmates with somewhat harsh words , but he was definitely well intended . He just did n't know how to criticize tactfully 
He did not intend to attack or beat a schoolmate .
Xie Hua did not have an opinion against me 
I meant Yin Yin 
Xie Hua is my disciple 
How come that even you , Qiong , misunderstood my words ? 
I have not finished 
I just left to eat 
Master , are you there ? 
You take a look at my question again 
Dear disciple , I am here 
Ha - ha 
Can you show me the chat log ? 
I do n't know the facts , so it is difficult to analyze and find out the truth 
What is my number among your disciples ? 
It was the chat in the class group 
That day ? 
Recently I am almost not in front of the computer during the daytime 
What about your disciple Xie Hua ? 
You are also always online 
It seems that he did n't show up in the past few days 
I opened my computer and then I just left 
I did n't know what you talked about 
Xie Hua did n't go to the US Embassy , did he ? [ emoticon ] 
Just one minute before you and Qing Feng fanned the flames and stirred up trouble 
When did I do this ? 
Your disciple is well behaved 
You need to trust your disciple [ emoticon ] 
Selective forgetting 
It was n't intentional 
It was intentional 
Yin was moved so immensely by Xie Hua 's sincerity 
You were at the scene of accident , too 
Ha - ha 
This ? 
Um 
I do n't think you intended to attack . I ca n't understand why Yin was so aggressive that day , either 
I felt somewhat strange that day 
Yes 
Master , what you ca n't unravel is exactly your disciple 's [ question | knot ] 
I have also been thinking for a long time 
but I just =ca n't figure it out 
On that day , Qing Feng also questioned me for quite a while 
It was Qing Feng to blame 
That poem was the cause of the mess 
Yin Yin 's attitude made me =confused 
It was perhaps because of this sentence 
Even Xie Hua did n't feel that 
there was a problem 
Yes 
Master , never mind . Yin Yin is a very honest person , who sometimes will be swayed by her own obsession 
Probably she thought that we were acting bad to Xie Hua 
He spent too much 
for the class group 
In fact , sometimes I go tit for tat with him just in order to humble him 
My disciple , Xie Hua is my confidant 
I hope he will not have rough =edges 
too much 
I am his confidant , too [ emoticon ] 
That 's what he said 
Yin is also his confidant 
but I just like to get tough on him 
Let me tell you why , my silly disciple 
Disciple is here 
I , your Master , have understood clearly 
Ha - ha 
Do you want me to tell you ? 
Um 
Master 's ability of understanding is extraordinary 
Please solve it 
== 
Is that because of this sentence ? 
Um 
That is not the reason you ridiculed Xie Hua 
No 
Master wants to test his disciple 
It 's because you were all flirting 
You were asking some strange questions 
How come ? 
And only she was going to the kitchen to ponder the meaning of life 
I had to go to the kitchen to ponder the meaning of life , too 
I was even worse than she was 
I am afraid that she knows what we chat about 
No way 
Master does n't want so , neither do I [ emoticon ] 
Master also gossiped today , it 's a shame 
Ha - ha 
This is the way one must pass when being cultivated in the mortal world 
The reason you are my favorite disciple is that you are very fresh and cool 
All boys in the arts class are good 
Although you ca n't bear the sight of me flirting with Yan 
No at all , Master 
Yan is your dream lover , is n't she ? 
A little . This is relatively normal 
During the high school days 
Yan was very beautiful during the high school years . Even I could n't help looking at her several times 
Did you see Yan 's attitude towards me ? 
No 
Your disciple is so stupid 
You are disloyal to Master 
Do you want to fight Master ? 
Ha - ha 
Master is going to have rest . Let 's chat later when we have time 
88 
I will follow what Master does 
Are you there ? ( Sent from QQ Mobile : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
I ’m here 
There are personnel changes at the academy now . They ’re going to retrench a wide range of people 
All departments ? 
In a meeting at the academy yesterday , they raised the issue about not paying the lecturers at last year 's summer camp . Zhang Qiang hates me and Chen Lei so much 
All departments including teachers .
Who hates who ? 
Zhang Qiang hates us both 
Why ? 
What does it have to do with you ? 
Said that we did n't supervise well , did n't guide well .
[ Oh God | Faint ] 
Not able to play [ a key role | the role of a backbone ] .
Is that nothing to do with Zhang Xudong ? 
Sigh .
Was n't he always responsible for the lecturers ? 
The academy will conduct a large - scale adjustment in the near future 
Does n't it belong to second - tier academies now ? 
Exactly .
I wonder whom Li Xuejun was talking to on the phone yesterday . Kept talking about the school 's personnel issues 
I reckon Chen Lei will leave .
Even talked about discussing it with Zhang Xudong 
I feel that he might move me down .
Move me to the base 
Each and every old - timer is being dealt with this way 
The academy gives one the feeling that it ’s particularly unstable now 
This is to change the [ people | water ] 
Yeah . Change . Moreover , this time it looks like it 's going to be a huge change 
Zhang Qiang is too nasty 
Whose idea was this ? 
Oh , it 's definitely his 
Delete the chat history later 
Yeah , I know 
Do you have any plans ? 
I have n't thought it through yet . If I truly decide not to be in [ HiTeam | Haitian ] anymore , I will do a little trading business on my own 
We originally wanted to open an “ Anjia Egg Custard Tarts ” in Gaoxin .
But we feared that it was too limited .
It actually sells pretty well 
That ’s right 
However , is n’t Gaoxin district a little remote ? 
There is n’t one in Gaoxin now . It 's just that selling anything to eat over here where my mother - in - law lives will all become popular 
I do n’t know how much money it costs to join the franchise 
Another problem is that they must allow you to join the franchise 
A lot of stores do n't allow others to join their franchises now 
Yes . We 're also thinking about this matter .
They 're all directly managed 
Do n't you want to teach classes again ? 
I have arrived at the base . I ’ll go look you up for a chat 
Okay 
Just happened to see Chen Shaojia . I 'll coax her to talk .
Yeah 
Oh , are you the one ? 
Who is driving A6 today ? 
Oh 
An =instructor from Beijing will arrive later . I have to pick =him up and then drop him off at Tai'erzhuang . I need to use A6 
I do n't think he is coming . He took a long - term leave 
Peng 
Is Fan Zhenzhen coming to work on Monday ? 
Oh , we should still have time 
11:40 
An installation instructor from Jiajiamei 
A project undertook by Tai'erzhuang 
A6 is out dropping a customer off . It 's a customer of Zhang Min . They just left 
They 're going to the high speed train station first and then to Tai'erzhuang 
They 're only dropping her off at the BRT station . They will be back soon 
When do you need to use the car ? 
I 'm =afraid that other drivers do n't know the address of the Tai'erzhuang store 
What instructor ? 
Peng should know 
Where do we pick him up ? 
Um 
Okay .
All you need to do is to write a car - dispatch slip later 
Peng knows 
Here 
Oh 
Does the driver know the address ? 
Juan 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
The Audi needs to shuttle the people from the Administration of Industry and Commerce at noon 
You use the pickup truck instead 
Dong Zheng 's car 
I do n't know 
I know the address but I do n't know how to get there 
You drop the instructor off there and come back right away . The truck still needs to make a delivery 
The instructor lives in Tai'erzhuang 
Do n't you know the address ? 
I have the address but I do n't know if they know the route or not 
At that time , you can get the address by phone 
Yes , just send him to the construction site 
Okay 
Are you coming back right after you get there ? 
It 's okay as long as they have the address . The driver should be able to find it 
Accountant Zhao , do you have the electronic version of the fixed assets list ? 
All I have now is what has been exported from Kingdee 
I was just about to ask Manager Zhang whether we needed to set the same format as last year 
Are those in Kingdee all the same as the original data ? 
The previous ones are the same . The additional part is only those that were bought this year 
Can we print what has been exported ? 
There are names , quantities and storage locations in the software 
Is it convenient for you to print them now ? 
Print on waste paper 
Let me send a copy to you first . Then you decide whether we still need to modify the format 
Alright 
I have modified a bit . Please take a look again .
OK 
=Do we need to save our original format ? 
Oh , it 's up to you to modify . I do n't have the previous electronic version . I just made some simple modifications 
Oh 
Is it mainly office supplies that are taken into the statistics ? 
Are staplers included in statistics ? 
Yes 
Has the administration department sent you their statistics ? 
I have n't received them 
None of the other departments have sent theirs , either 
OK 
I will send to you now 
Oh 
The statistics for the decoration company are still in progress . I saw Li Miao doing the statistics just now 
Hi Qiong ( from cellphone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
Are you there ? 
I really miss you 
How have you been recently ? 
Coming 
Why do you use Internet on the cellphone ? 
My computer Internet is down 
I have n't been online for a long time 
Oh 
Still doing fine ? 
Not quite good 
How ? 
Business is not good , and the market is very weak 
Still not okay ? 
Sometimes I really do n't know what is good to do 
Then what about the workers ? 
Dismiss some ? 
Keep them all 
It has been two months , so quiet that it makes people 's hearts feel cold 
Xiaobing is also working very hard , it really breaks my heart to see him like this 
All these several days he only returned after midnight 
Hold on for a while 
What a pity it would be to give up 
Now this is the only way , if there is an order , we do it and try to do all the orders together , this way can save some 
It 's just you ca n't take care of your children 
You have a lot of your own time 
but you ca n't look after your children 
Sigh , there 's no way 
On May 1 I returned home and saw them two , I really did n't want to leave 
If it 's not busy , let Xiao Bin look after the business by himself 
You come once every half month 
I 'll return home again at the end of the month 
Or go once a month 
I 'm thinking like this 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Dear , do you have classes on Friday ? 
What 's the plan ? 
Qingatian wo n't go to work either . Will you be busy ? [ emoticon ] 
I wo n't . I have too much time 
Do you want us to go to Jinyang to meet with you ? 
Then we 'll just come out on Friday . I have an exam in the morning . I can leave after the exam 
We can have lunch together [ emoticon ] 
Okay . Do you want us to go to Jinyang to meet with you ? 
Forget it . I do n't feel like going ! Let 's meet in Guiyang . What do you want to eat ? Hee hee 
Is there anything fresh ? 
Can you eat =fermented black beans ? I 've had =fermented black bean hotpot at Bihai Garden , and I think it 's quite good , except It 's taste is a little strong [ emoticon ] 
Whoo - hoo ! I happen to like strong tastes . I misread it as potato just now . I was wondering why I would n't be able to eat potatoes 
Ha ha ha ha . Shall we go eat that ? Then you really need to come to Jinyang to meet me 
Our bodies will have foot odor after eating it [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
Ha ha ha ha , okay okay 
I 'll go ask about how to get there by bus tomorrow , and then let you know 
Okay okay 
[ emoticon ] See you on Friday [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
Okay . Mwah , mwah , mwah 
We have n't been notified about the time for the exam , but it is usually at 9 o'clock in the morning . If you come over here around eleven o'clock , that 'll be fine 
Oh , okay~~ 
Are you busy ? 
I 'm here 
Is there a uniform amount of donation ? 
Um 
On an individual basis ? 
Yin said there was no uniform amount 
There is some collective money 
Um 
There is 5000 yuan collectively 
It is not necessary to donate that 
Oh , how much does one person donate in general 
Is there anything that is particularly noteworthy 
I donated 1000 
My =heart really hurt when I heard this news . I have never known that her family is in such a situation 
You did n't know ? 
It 's been many years 
She has been tortured by pain 
She has suffered a lot 
I do n't know . Someone seems to have said that her husband was in poor health before . I just thought it was a general little problem 
Poor Hui Ying 
So I just felt it was unacceptable when I heard about it today .
No wonder she has disappeared for the past days 
That 's why I was very angry when Xie Hua made Hui Ying cry during the New Year 
Oh . I really did n't understand the things in it 
Ying =is also a good woman , who is very strong 
What is the account number ? 
Can you see it ? 
Yes , I saw . I am going to work for a while .
Um 
Do you have Teacher Zhu 's QQ or not ? 
OK , I 'll send it to you at once .
He made dinner and we ate it , ha ha 
I said have him find something good in Wuhan , and then bring me out 
I chatted with him , actually he knows what to do in his heart 
He has too little self control , and does n't have any entrepreneurial spirit 
Its extremely disgusting 
Actually it is n't , he really has his own way of thinking 
What good is it having a way of thinking , you have to actually do the hard work 
In Dubai he got crazy with playing games .
25 6 people , they stayed up until late , seeing this made us disgusted 
With this you have to urge Wang Long , his cultural and character needs to go up a level , in the future he will have a big responsibility in educating your children .
Zhifang , this place is after all too small , you just have to see the outside world .
Yeah , that 's right , we are planning to work hard two years , and then after two years move to that apartment in Wuhan 
I want to rely on myself to make what I want , but my mother in law and them wo n't let me out 
That is something I do n't want to do 
Resolve the issue of having a child earlier , and then go out and fight with all your heart , when your child is around six years old strive to go into mid to higher level management in your industry . And then begin to invest in your child 's education .
Children , I do n't want to have one that early , its too early 
Its just like Teacher Deng saying to us , you two are still children , and you want to have your own child 
Its still better to give birth later 
Since you 're already married , you 'll have one sooner or later , on one hand managing your store , on the other hand resolving this problem . They do n't interfere with each other . For everything , if you work at it early then you can do it highly competently . This is only my suggestion , if you had n't married then act like I did n't discuss it .
Give your child to your mother in law to take care of .
Yeah , she said she would n't take care of a child 
She said give the child to my mom to take care of 
My mom ca n't keep up herself 
In time when I really have a child , it really will be only me that can take care of the child 
They want to have grandchildren , but wo n't help by taking care of the child , but they ca n't just have you stay at home and be a house wife .
Her thinking is just we will open a store , and after I have children take care of the children on one hand , and do business on the other 
Wang Long 's dad said he 'd take care of them , but he is a male , how can he take care of them 
Then you really will become a Zhifang person . To tell you the truth , your area there is about the same as our Tieshan .
To tell you the truth , even if Tieshan gave me a high ranking official position I would not be willing to stay there . In Huangshi .
Oh , so when are you preparing to come back to the school 
I am encouraging my daughter to stay in America . It is still an issue with ideals .
Oh , that is quite good 
Next year at this time I think .
Oh , then that 's soon 
Yes , I dislike even Wuhan as being a bit inaccessible .
There are several children that are going to give birth 
You probably have seen truly high quality life . Spiritual life is also very important .
Just run a store in Zhifang for two years , and resolve the issue of giving birth to a child , hand your child over to your elders to care for , and if Wuhan has suitable opportunities then develop in Wuhan , or going to Macau is also fine , when your child is around 6 years old , you definitely have to think of a way to let yourself settle down , and at that time you really have to spend time on your family .
Is Wang Long 's dream to just be a little boss ? 
Opening a store , he say there 'll be a lot of pressure 
Do the same pickled vegetable business as his mother ? 
No , famous brand cigarette and liquor wholesaling 
The store is 72 square meters 
Oh , what are his sales channels like ? 
They can be considered large 
After he opens the store he 'll just have to go out on business 
Is the store front rented or your own family's ? 
Then that should not be a lot of pressure .
Before we rented from others 
Have you bought it now ? 
Bought it several years ago , we are currently taking it back 
Preparing to open the store on June first or second 
If we can get the business of Zhifang 's bars and liquor stores then it will be a bit better 
Otherwise , it will be quite a difficult matter 
There will be a few problems in having a stable life , and you will be well off economically . But you 'll integrate into the city residents class .
Yeah , so I say hand the store over to his father and mother to run after two years 
There will be no problems at all .
And we will go do our own thing 
In this way his father and mother wo n't need to work so hard doing pickled vegetables 
Everybody 's lifestyle is different , its likely there is a lot of difference between what I and his father and mother think .
Ha ha of course , my mother in law and them do n't think of other things , its just good if you can make money 
They have done business for decades , so they want us to do business 
But he does n't ask if I 'm willing to or not , he just insists I resign and come back 
Happiness is not sufficient without money . There are also many other things , including your circle of friends , in your social circle and the level of acknowledgement others already have of you in society and so on .
Sometime I often am thinking , why is it in my life , there are others that arrange things to go and do ! 
Communicate well , changing the thinking of a person takes time .
In the past I had a lot of issues with his mom 
You absolutely must maintain a good relationship with your mother in law , especially during the time that you two are together with them .
I just want to do well what a daughter in law should do 
I know all of this , they are the elders 
But the gap between us and them is quite large 
Use these two years to do well and find some feelings , if you can adapt to the living environment of Zhifang , I believe nothing will be a problem , and you will not have any problems economically , the key is how you feel , if you think you 're not blessed or happy , then you should try another path .
Being married , life will become dull , its fine if you can just spend the days well and feel blessed and happy .
Then you just have to plan well . Women should also have their own careers . In this way you will have more dignity in your life . I teach my daughter this .
Yeah , you can only rely on yourself for everything that is real 
However you live happily , then that 's how you should live 
In one 's life , happiness is really the most important thing .
He has also been brainwashed by his father and mother too much , besides making money , there is only making money 
I have never done business , and perhaps it there is something to see there . You find your own feelings then . Its OK if you 're happy 
Right now I still want to fight for my dreams 
I and Teacher Zhu have done quite well in coordinating on child education , my daughter 's thinking is all guided by me , while her life is entirely Teacher Zhu 's responsibility . And we feel that we succeeded in giving the best education to our child . You also must place the education of your children at a very important position .
In many families its always that the husband and wife are too busy with there own things and they ignore the education of their children , actually in the =end the loss outweighs the gain . Look at the present day with so many single parent homes , these are lessons 
Do n't be polite . We are all treating you as our own child and telling you the truth .
At any rate I do n't have many friends here 
This should not be a problem . So you should first resolve the problem of having a child , and then you can devote yourself in trying to make it on the outside . Otherwise when you go out to work , this will become a problem , if others promote you or do n't promote you , if you have a child . Human resources all consider these factors . If this is not a problem , then that will be different .
Yeah , then this issue of having a child , I need to ask her mother , if she is willing to help take care of my child in the end or not 
Then I will go and do business together with him when the time comes 
Ha ha , we say its OK 
You definitely have to convince your elders to help you , otherwise you will be limited , and will not be able to move your nest , and when your child is older , you will have no advantages in terms of age .
Use two years of time to resolve these issues , you are still young if you go out at 25 years old , get raised to a stable management position as fast as possible . In this way you have room to advance or retreat .
Yeah , his dad said that in a few days we 're going to hold a family meeting 
Yeah 
Yeah , I want to talk things out with then a bit 
We chat very seldom 
He 'll do his thing , I 'll do my thing 
Yeah , they are still quite nice 
You be sure to look after your health 
Thank you . I will . [ Expression ] [ Bye bye then | 886 ] 
Tomorrow I 'm going to Hainan for a tour , I 'll bring some of the local specialities back for you 
[ Expression ] Good night ha 
Do n't bother , thank you for the thought , as long as you consider all your elders its fine .
You get some rest 
Hainan is quite nice , its worth the trip . However , currently its very hot . You need to prepare plenty of sun blocking items , the ultraviolet light there is very strong .
Where is my disciple ? 
I 'm here 
Master has not shown up for quite a few days 
and you just come when you know that there is a major event 
I will take a temporary break . I am afraid that they will get annoyed if we talk about Dao too frequently 
We get stretched and relaxed alternately 
It has been very depressing in the group in the past two days 
No one wants to talk 
Something stuck in our hearts 
Me too 
What is the reason ? 
You do n't know ? 
Coincidentally 
I seldom chat privately with her 
Master has the ability of prophecy 
I am very sad , honestly 
I was actually not very sad . I do not fear death so much 
Of course , after all , I am an outsider 
May the dead rest in peace . The living are so pathetic 
I hope one good turn deserves another 
What you said is courteous without wisdom 
You have to get hold of enlightenment 
No 
Master , you do n't understand me 
You ca n't feel it 
I do not deny feeling for others , but I want you to be enlightened and experience impermanence 
When you feel sad , you still need to be enlightened by the wisdom from the sadness . That is cultivation 
I wo n't be enlightened until after I experience sadness 
Those who can quickly be enlightened through the process of sadness are talented 
Master , maybe you can , but I can not 
In the past , I barely understood people who believed in Buddhism 
Two years ago , I met a couple . They could perhaps be regarded as =senior dignitaries . However , they always restrained their behaviors with their faith 
Since then , I changed my mind 
Um . Do neither be pleased by external gains , nor saddened by personal losses .
Had it not been for the faith , they would have been the same as other officials , who sought profit before all else 
Um 
Did you see the poem I wrote ? 
I did 
Obsession and infatuation also reflects the passionate side of human beings 
I do n't agree with Master 's views 
Obsession and infatuation keeps people from being free 
You can buy and read a book by Krishnamurti 
I feel a little decadent myself when I feel too quiet in the heart 
Master ? 
Then your heart is still in the mood 
There is always a power outage here in my place 
When the heart is truly quiet , it will be like a cloudless blue sky 
There are still clouds of sorrow in your heart 
Sometimes you feel decadent in the heart because you are thinking about men 
Ha - ha 
Men are not everything to women 
They are a half 
They are not necessarily everything 
Not entirely so 
The proportion is different in everyone 's heart 
The position is also different for different people 
Do n't always think about men . Did you hear me ? 
Do n't control me with your thoughts 
You have already drawn grids for men in your heart . You just fill one in after another 
You said it yourself 
Did I ? 
You misunderstood me 
I mean every woman has different standards in her mind 
Some women just ca n't live without men 
but some are very graceful 
That is not the way you said 
What are you irritated ? 
There are indeed some people living gracefully without a husband , but very few are living gracefully without a man , unless they are religious 
Complementary , ha - ha 
Admittedly , some woman can live without a man , but there is a beloved man , an indelible love , hidden in her heart .
Ho ho 
Men are also the same 
Um , exactly the same 
However , a man 's emotional world can be easily contaminated by power , money , and sex 
Some men completely regard women as merchandise , with a mentality that they are consuming women 
Ho ho 
Talk about yourself , Master 
Ha - ha 
Master just does whatever he wishes 
Master also chases women , but without any concern in mind . He does neither feel sad for failure , nor keep pestering 
Ha - ha 
You already knew it , did n't you ? Why are you still asking ? 
Xiao Qiao has great interest in me . Can you see that ? 
No 
Disciple is stupid 
You are playing tricks with Master 
No way 
You can study Buddhism 
Go and study Buddhism 
I do n't want to study 
Why ? 
I do n't like to be too quiet 
It 's so quiet that it 's a little scary 
You can go to learn something about it 
Learn Buddhism ? 
Um 
It is not the same as what you think it is 
Ho ho 
People who study Buddhism feel quiet in the heart despite living in busy streets 
There is no horror , and no distorted dreams 
If you want to be my disciple but you refuse to study Buddhism , you are betraying your Master 
You can study Pure Land Buddhism 
Learn to recite the Buddha 's name 
and Charlie 
Is the poem I wrote yesterday good ? 
I do n't like sad ones 
I wrote such a great piece , but unfortunately no one understands it 
Master has limited capabilities , and likes to [ be flattered | wear a high hat ] 
Someone will understand 
Xiao Qiao understands 
Um 
I ’ll chat with you 
Are you very bored ? 
Yeah ( From Cell phone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] : Voice intercom , efficient communication ! ) 
Borrow an umbrella from the bank 
Money has been remitted 
Check Liu 
Okay 
What ’s your Qilu card number ? 
I ’ll pay your salary 
Are you ready ? It ’s already over 
Can you get something healthy ? 
Dear , find some time to talk to Zhang Jie 
Because she does n't want to go to Chongqing 
? 
While there is no shortage of accountants here and at the academy anyway 
I had a discussion with Director Zhang 
She can only resign 
Ask her directly to leave 
Yes . It 's a little difficult to say it aloud 
But she should also have had a little mental preparation 
Because that day when I asked her if she 's going to Chongqing 
I also mentioned that there is no position here 
I reckon she can only resign 
It 's within the probation period anyway 
When do you plan to tell her not to come anymore ? 
Either next week or after finishing this month is fine 
Just decided it after discussing with Director Zhang 
In fact , it would be rather good if she could agree to go to Chongqing 
Whether Little Dong comes back or not does n't matter at all 
How about after finishing this month ? 
That 's fine too 
Also for these few days , there are still wages to be paid 
Yeah , okay 
Next month , I reckon Nanjing 's wages should be paid to wherever the person goes 
There ’s no need to do the wages separately again 
Yeah 
Okay . Find the time to tell her next week 
She 's determined not to go to Chongqing ? 
Yes 
The young lady has quite a personality 
Said that if she had been given two choices at the start 
That was to say possibly going to Nanjing or possibly going to Chongqing , she would n't come either way 
She has an aversion towards Chongqing 
Ca n't do anything about it 
In fact it would be most ideal if she went to Chongqing 
That 's right . Never thought that she 'd turn it down like this 
Do we still need to ask Chen Shaojia to seek her out and try ? 
The matter of going to Chongqing 
There ’s no need to try 
Because her attitude is extremely resolute 
Oh , okay 
Next week find time to tell her 
Yeah 
Regarding Little Dong , Director Zhang 's idea is to wait until after receiving payment to raise her wages 
But see what Little Dong thinks , there is some difficulty 
Well , we ’ll see 
Little Dong told me last time that she would n’t even do it for 3,000 
Hoho 
I do n't know if it was angry words or she was serious 
Anyway , the plans just ca n't keep up with the changes 
I 'm convinced now 
It 's meaningless to make a lot of plans in advance 
Exhausting oneself terribly , and when the time comes , it ’s all in vain 
Then do we continue to recruit base cashiers and Chongqing accountants ? 
I 'll discuss it again with Director Zhang 
Because a lot of employees are being reduced now 
If an accountant goes to Chongqing from our place here 
Little Dong may come back to be a cashier 
If cashiers are being recruited here 
Then Little Dong will stay in Chongqing as an accountant still 
Should be fine just recruiting another person 
But there 's a time difference in between 
A newly recruited person going to the Chongqing side always needs to be guided and trained a little by Dong Nanya 
Can it be arranged when the time comes ? 
I think the problem now is whether or not Little Dong will come back 
I heard Little Dong 's intention . Her attitude is rather resolute 
She asked me so many times how the recruiting was going 
Yeah . Then let 's first recruit a Chongqing accountant 
You still have nearly three months ' time here 
Did n't Chen Shaojia say to put up the recruiting advertisement ? If not put this up 
I 'll discuss with Director Zhang again and see 
Yeah 
Big Sister 
I do n’t know either 
I ’m waiting for the leader ’s reply 
Big Sister , how are you ? 
I ’m fine 
I can eat and I can sleep 
I , a Haitian donkey , have to pull the mill again 
I ’ve gained over 40 catties 
Wow 
A happy mother 
Being a mother is not easy , is it ? 
Yeah 
I ’m pretty chubby 
Now I just feel it ’s extremely unfair , so I want to have a son 
He wo n’t suffer in the future 
I also think a boy is good 
A son loves his mother too 
I ’m only afraid that he is a gay 
There are too many gays in the world now 
I actually have n’t thought of this problem 
It ’ll be okay if the child is happy and healthy 
In the future , you ’ll be the Lady Yang in Haitian 
Really plump 
I ’ll lose weight after I give birth 
I ca n’t be this fat 
For the little one , I eat a lot now 
I do n’t know whether you ’re absorbing it pr the baby is absorbing it 
That ’s true 
In the term of the weight I ’ve gained , I have most of it 
So there is healthy diet 
Look at Little s 
She had professionals to take care of her 
I miss lousy Jinan 
When can you come back ? 
Who knows ? 
Unless I quit 
If Zhang Jie is willing to be the cashier , will she go to the college or at the base ? 
Do n’t think about it 
It was just said that General Zhang wants fewer people to do more work 
They ’ll hire an accountant from Chongqing 
Little Dong will go back to the base to be the cashier 
The college maintains the status quo 
Tell Zhang Jie directly , let her go 
Yeah , there is no other choice 
I talked to Chen Shaojia just now 
She ’ll talk to Zhang Jie in the afternoon 
Zhang Jie signed the contract back then 
Yeah , oka 
a 
How many , dear ? 
It 's kind of slow 
Your internet speed is not good ! 
Yeah yeah yeah 
Ha ha ha ha 
You 're so well - behaved ! 
Always 
I 'm so anxious 
You must not laugh at me 
How did you make selfies ? 
Just set up the camera tripod somewhere , and take photos~ 
=Cool ! 
Aha , the last one is pretty tempting ! 
Fiddling around with your =beautiful hair ! 
=beautiful ... 
It got hard ! 
Ha ha ha ha , chat through Wechat ! 
Oh , okay~~ 
Haha ( from mobile phone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
What are you laughing at ? 
Happy to see you 
Then I 'm happy too 
Are you back in the U.S. ? 
I 'm back . I went through a =lot of trouble 
What happened ? 
There was a problem with the plane , and we had to make an emergency landing , and it was canceled after 4 hours waiting on the plane . Then we could n't get on to another flight to Boston until we went searching for someone all over the airport 
I did n't get home until spending over 30 hours going through 5 airports 
Like that 
You really suffered 
My whole body is sore 
Get some rest soon 
I have to go to work 
I 'm going to Hangzhou tomorrow 
Which beauty are you going to see ? 
On business 
Seeing beauties is more important than going on business trips 
That 's how I am 
Are n't you ? 
You do n't understand me 
I 'm going to a meeting 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
Yueyue ? 
Yes , Sister 
I 'm back home 
Are you in Shenzhen ? 
Back in Yongxin ? 
Yes 
I 'm preparing to go back to Xiaogan for work 
How did you get on there ? 
Eh ? 
It 's not a bad idea to go back 
Is it not good at China Mobile ? 
It 's OK . The pay is roughly the same as in Xiaogan , but the cost of living is higher there 
If it 's roughly the same , why are you coming back ? 
I 'd rather go back . Everyone would feel more at ease if I go back 
Hehe 
They 're constantly recruiting students in Wuhan too for China Mobile customer service 
Chong and Jing 's ping - pong teacher 's daughter works in China Mobile customer service 
She said they 're constantly recruiting people 
What 's the pay like ? 
It 's just 2,000 yuan a month , I believe 
I was n't in customer service at first ; I was in the business hall 
Salaries are low in Wuhan 
Yes , they are rather low 
A little bit too low , right ? 
They 're indeed a little bit too low 
Why do n't you go back to Xiaogan first 
I 'm planning to go back 
Let 's discuss if further when there is an opportunity 
Uh-huh 
At least it 's stable there 
That 's right , everyone all =says so 
says 
If you can not really get along with that lad , just forget it 
The former one ? 
Do n't have anything lingering to do with him 
Hmm 
I definitely wo n't 
Hmm 
Take good control yourself 
Hmm , I know 
I think it would be OK if you could find an ordinary job in Wuhan 
It would be a bit better than in Xiaogan 
There are more opportunities 
But I do n't know what the pay for an ordinary job would be 
That 's true 
It would definitely not be as =good as in Xiaogan 
At least at the very start 
In China Mobile in Shenzhen I get around 80,000 . I wonder if in Wuhan I could get that much 
You definitely could n't get that much 
Around 20,000 yuan 
Gosh , that 's far too low 
Yes , it is 
But when the inter-city rail is up and running , it should be easy to get from Xiaogan to Wuhan 
Hmm 
When are you going back ? 
At the beginning of next month 
Oh 
Are you still as busy as you were before right now ? 
I 'm OK - ish at the moment 
I basically do n't go away on business 
I knock off work and go home on time 
That 's actually really great - you can look after your kids 
I 've now changed departments 
I do n't need to draw designs 
Uh-huh 
And I do n't need to work overtime at the weekend , either 
That 's great 
Hehe 
My income has gone down by half compared with what it was before 
Ah … 
It looks like labor is still in direct proportion to wages 
But that 's really hard 
and it 's not worth it either 
However , when there is gain , there is loss . Taking good care of your kids is better than anything 
Right 
If you have n't been able to keep a good eye on your kids , it 's no good , no matter how much the money is 
Are they doing fine in their studies at present ? 
That 's right , and you have two . You 'd rather get a bit less money , as long as your kids are OK 
They 're doing fine 
The teacher likes Chong pretty much 
Jing is a little mischievous 
It 's very normal for a child to be mischievous 
I 'm going to sleep 
OK 
Let 's chat next time 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Um . Xiao Qian , you are presenting the paper published last time at this meeting , right ? 
There are so many articles 
I 'm here 
Leader , please indicate 
No 
The last one is still being modified 
Um . You are a high - yield expert 
I have no choice . I 'm in a research institute , after all 
What kind of meeting is it , Xiao Qian ? 
Oh , I am just going to attend the IEEE Transmission and Distribution Conference , 
How are your reimbursement criteria ? 
[ emoticon ] Not as good as that one for leaders 
Annual IEEE Electrical Insulation Meeting 
The company reimburses all expenses 
You submit one paper on behalf of me , and then we can play together . How nice it is 
Ha - ha , I would have submitted one had I known it , so we could go and attend the meeting together 
You need to tell me how and where I can submit one , then I can also write one 
We are also encouraged to write 
It is equivalent to advertising 
It is . Let 's exchange and communicate more later on [ emoticon ] 
You listed me ! 
I am basking in your glory 
Do you have to make a presentation ? 
in English ? 
You must be very good at English 
Have you prepared the PPT ? 
You 'd better list my name . There are so many meetings of this kind 
so that I can bask in your glory 
I am good at this kind of PPT , but you just did n't inform me 
Yes 
Um 
No , I just read what is written 
What is the benefit ? 
Um , I just did it , but it needs modification 
Do you want to help me revise it ? 
I like cheesy things : ) 
So I ask you to take me along 
[ emoticon ] It is too cheesy that we are talking about this 
Ah , certainly 
You were in the US at that time 
Did you play it on the projector ? 
The chromatic aberration is too small 
Honestly , I 'm more afraid that people will ask questions . I am afraid that I ca n't understand what they say 
Fortunately , I am going with a female PhD from Xi'an Jiaotong University . I will ask her translate for me [ emoticon ] 
I will take you along next time , ah 
You can borrow a projector , and play it . That is a must 
Take me along when you go to Turkey 
It seems that Zhou Hua often goes out , right ? 
That is because you are looking at it in front of the computer 
No 
Do you think you can see it more clearly ? 
Put it in the blank 
[ My god | faint ] , I do n't think there is any problem 
I have used this template before 
Adjust the numbers , using red 
It is fine , but just a bit (( strange )) at that place 
The original materials are kept by you there , which are pasted by you , so I ca n't deal with them 
this table 
The bottom of the inside page is now all white , so it is much better 
Ca n't you adjust it ? 
There is too much text . There ca n't be too much text in PPT slides . Do you any pictures ? 
Yes 
The upper one is in the blank 
It is not necessary to use them all . Who like to see them ? Who can see them clearly ? 
I see 
They have the transcripts 
Numbers are in red , right ? 
This is the conclusion . Where are the pictures ? 
Oh , I am not afraid anymore . In the worst case , you just speak Yongxin dialect , and say that you are a native Chinese 
I 'm afraid what I read is even more difficult for people to understand . Ha - ha - ha - ha 
Do n't you have a template in your company ? 
It would be best if you can speak Chinese with simultaneous translation 
Oh 
They reimburse your expenses , but you even do n't help promote them 
I am the only Chinese in my group . It 's horrifying 
[ emoticon ] wonderful 
Did you present it ? 
Yes , but it does n't look good 
It was the LOGO of the Southern Power Grid 
It should be more than 20000 
Um , that is it 
That 's right . You can consider changing it 
You still need to do promotion when you come back 
How much did you spend , in total ? 
Aya , if only I belonged to the Southern Power Grid department of my company , I could have met Manager Qian every week .
What about this one ? 
Well 
You 'd better use the template of your EPRI 
Um , it 's OK , Manager Qian . When communicating with others , I would bring a piece of paper , make gestures and guess . With my technical skills , there wo n't be a problem 
Your EPRI is so strange . What an ugly template 
White background is better 
OK 
This one is from our institution 
It does not look good 
You 're right . There is another one with a white background 
Does n't it look nice ? 
Neither looks good , anyway 
They are almost the same 
Change for a white background , Manager Qian 
OK , 
OK . I 'll show it to you tomorrow . I have to leave for business today 
Is it you in person ? !! ( Sent from QQ Mobile : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
Yes 
What 's the matter ? 
It 's really difficult to run into you ... 
Oh , I 'm always here 
Sigh , sigh , Sister Zhang has a target now ? ... 
??? 
I wanted to gossip with you last time , but in the end it was n't you ... 
!!! 
What is the target ? 
Girls ! 
How come I heard that =she ... 
Has n’t she always ? 
I 'm talking about recently ! 
No idea , then 
What are you saying ? Say it straight , okay ? Haha 
How can you not know !! 
I just wanted to find out a little of the inside story from you here 
Chat with you in a bit . I 'll wash up first , log off and switch to the mobile phone to =chat 
All right ! 
Peishan , I DO I DO is going to broadcast tonight 
I know~~I have to wait until tomorrow to watch it 
Haha~~Looking forward to it a little 
Have you seen that latest episode of Strong Heart ? 
I have IU , I have n't watched it yet 
=No 
How come ? ? Who 's in it ? ? 
Oh~~I ’ll see when to watch it . I ’m now following : A Gentleman 's Dignity . This Korean drama has Jang Dong - Gun [ emoticon ] 
By the way , remember to put the clothes away for me 
Otherwise they 'll be covered in dust after so many days 
Has that high - tech company given you a reply ? 
Yes~~But not asking me to do accounting . They asked me to be the Assistant to the General Manager . I think I 'm not suited for it , so I refused 
Assistant to the General Manager 
Haha 
Maybe you will catch a big fish 
You read too many novels 
Haha~~ ( It ’s just a title , they kept saying something about how it can train your comprehensive abilities and whatnot ) I thought to myself , it ’s just a secretary 
What comprehensive abilities are there ? 
Haha 
Perhaps~~ ( Would n't have refused if I had known ) 
Right . Then we could rely on the secretaries that live off the rich 
But I 'm afraid those big fish have n't taken a liking to me 
It does n't matter . Just be willing to give money 
Even if there are no people , if you get money it 's fine 
But it 's very easy to be eliminated this way . =No one will want you if you 're a little older [ emoticon ] 
[ Emoticon ] Why do I feel you 're asking me to sell myself ? ? 
[ Emoticon ] What are you thinking ? ? 
Thinking someone will give barbecue money 
You are looking for that wealthy man of Sisi ’s~~ Now that 's a stable big fish . Haha 
Sigh . Sisi still has a year or two before being able to be a little [ cruel exploiter | vampire ] 
If I sell myself then I can [ exploit | suck ] , right ? ? [ Emoticon ] 
I =do n't have the [ body | capital ] to self myself 
How about asking elder brother to go ? ? 
Haha . Elder brother definitely has the [ body | capital ] 
Honey 
Hey hey 
Gross 
Premonition I do n't want it 
I want to get that English transcript 
Then ? 
He accepts them every Tuesday , but next Tuesday you may be gone 
I want to trouble you to help me turn in a form at the administration building ... 
Today is Wednesday 
You mean go today ? 
Nope , he is n't accepting forms until Tuesday 
Then I can go back home on the 3rd at the latest ... 
Yinyi is going back home on the 1st too ... 
[ expression ] I 'll ask to see who is still at the school , I think they said sending an email is OK , I do n't know whether that 's true or not 
[ picture ] Poor baby ... 
Why did n't you tell me sooner , I 'll help you turn it in tomorrow 
You can go to the Office of Student Affairs through the administration building to help me ask , can I first send an email to make an appointment ? 
You can just ask , so dumb 
What is the phone number 
I have a phone you do n't have to go ask 
The China Normal University website should have it 
The teachers there do n't see people often 
hi 
Qingya 
Are you there ? 
Hmm 
Last week , when Dad came over , he gave me a new cellphone 
It 's my uncle 's 
Hehe 
No , it was n't 
An iPhone ? 
A Samsung model 
Oh 
Do you like it ? 
Hmm 
But it ca n't =make phone calls 
? 
It seems that you ca n't use it on the China Mobile network 
I see 
How about your old cellphone ? 
I suspect it is a China Unicom handset 
Are you coming back this week ? 
Not sure yet 
Oh 
If you do n't come back , I 'll ask the maid to take some food round to you 
and wash your clothes 
Just like last time 
She 's coming on Saturday afternoon .
Hmm , OK 
Well , if it is a China Unicom handset , what can be done about it ? 
Change the phone number 
I 'll buy you a new number 
Should you be able to change the number ? 
OK 
In that case , I wo n't go back this week 
OK 
You need to look after yourself 
and you ca n't live by yourself 
Have you still got the old cellphone there ? 
Yes 
If there is no one else in the dorm , my classmate who sits with me in class can keep me company 
OK 
Hmm 
Well , use the old cellphone for now 
The milk has run out 
I 'll ask the maid to bring you some 
What about fruit ? 
I 've eaten it all 
I 've already bought some pears and apples 
Are they small pears ? 
Big ones 
If you want small ones , I will buy some for you 
Small ones , then 
OK 
Yin , do you like duck 's neck ? 
Hehe 
Bing wanted some duck 's neck yesterday , and I thought of sending you over some by express delivery as well 
A chili one ? 
Or a mild one ? 
Forget it ! It 's too much bother 
Next time I go to Wuhan , I 'll get you to eat together [ emoticon ] 
Thank you , Qiong 
It 's no trouble 
I can drive there and buy it on one trip 
Quick and easy 
Hehe , Bing is still that age - group that loves eating and having fun , just like in high school [ emoticon ] 
Just so 
I remember when I was in high school , I took some change every day to the school gate to buy something to eat 
Hehe 
A Bite of China 
A very popular program recently 
My older sister once gave me a jar of coins , and the two of us counted the money on the banister of the staircase during an evening study period [ emoticon ] 
Haha 
This gal loves eating and having fun , but that 's good also , she has achieved her own dream of freedom 
A freelance job 
How wonderful 
It is 
It 's also a stress - free way of living . You can go wherever you want 
Her daughter is pretty good at studying ; she does n't have to worry too much about her 
Hehe 
Bing 's attitude toward life is quite good . Thinking of one 's life , at this age one really ought to look after oneself 
That 's right 
Women in particular can not let themselves down 
or else you would n't even know who would be spending the money you leave behind 
We =spend most of our time on our families 
When our children have grown up and have their own families , then we ... 
Sigh , so we work hard when they are in elementary school , but make sure children go to live in school dorms when they attend junior high school 
Inculcate good habits in them while in elementary school 
and show them the right way to go in life 
That 's right . Cultivate their habits while in elementary school . That 's what I think as well .
If you have to supervise their studies all the way , it 's really exhausting , gosh 
The children are also tired 
There 's no other way . There is such an education system in China where you have to keep up 
My classmate in Canada 
said the children over there all spend the weekend playing outside 
Yes . Their education is flexible , and some assignments are set that allow the students themselves to find materials to complete them , ones that are interesting 
unlike the way we over here lay stress on standard answers and rigid thinking .
There are many second - grade children in our subdivision 
their mothers got together yesterday to plan additional classes over the summer vacation 
Gosh . That is a really heartless group of mothers 
[ emoticon ] They 're just following the trend 
It is also a type of mindset 
fearing that their own families ' children will fall behind 
Nowadays private kindergartens all lay stress on writing and what - not , and our tiny tot draws pictures and makes things by hand every day , 
I feel that publicly - run ones are quite good in cultivating abilities and interests , allowing the children to study general knowledge about the natural world .
I have n't yet forced her to learn to recognize a certain number of characters . I 'm leaving it to her own interest , and when she gets to elementary school , I will probably =put a little more effort in it 
Right 
This also means it will be quite taxing when she 's in the first grade 
She could catch up by the second semester in the first grade 
We also went to a private school for a preschool class 
Mainly because of their emphasis on education in Chinese culture 
They do n't study mathematics 
So at the very beginning , my kids found it a bit difficult to keep up with math 
It 's OK now 
Those from publicly - run kindergartens will struggle in math and language arts because the schools have not stressed that part , but their overall abilities will be stronger 
I 've found that our tiny tot can play with the same simple toy in five or six different ways , and her little playmates who attend private schools can write and recognize more characters than her , but are clearly behind her in terms of their ability to do activities 
Right 
Life skills are the most =important things 
Important 
That 's what I 've always thought 
Children 's behavior 
and their ability to live independently 
If children can adapt themselves wherever they are put , this will be their greatest asset 
That 's right 
In future what will be most important for us is giving guidance on their life view 
Qingfeng has come back 
Hehe 
[ emoticon ] got to work 
OK 
Yin , send me your address 
Thanks [ emoticon ] 
You 're welcome 
Hehe [ emoticon ] 
I heard Bing say it 's very tasty 
She still remembers it [ emoticon ] 
Hehe 
Not bad 
Do you want a chili one or a mild one ? 
Whatever [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] I 'm going to dish up [ emoticon ] 
Hehe 
We 're going somewhere to eat shrimp today 
These are the photographs they 've sorted out 
I 'm sending them to you 
Good , thanks . Send them to my email address ( from cellphone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
Chen Mingjiang is badgering everyone to go to Wuhan at the weekend 
Your qq email address ? 
Everyone ? 
The classmates ? 
Add me to the group 
Let 's see if everyone recognizes me or not 
I ca n't add you using the Internet connection on my cellphone 
Oh 
Have a word with Chen Mingjiang 
They are discussing it 
Can he add me ? 
If you apply to join - many people can approve it . They 're all online 
They do n't know me 
I 'll have a word with the group 
Tell me the number of the group 
Do you know Zhou Shaorong ? 
I think I remember her 
A beautiful woman 
Quite tall 
Very beautiful 
Right ? 
It 's her ( from cellphone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
I remember her 
Tell me the group number 
I 'll probably go to Wuhan at the weekend 
I 've given you the group number 
Are you going on a business trip ? 
Or are you coming specially to have fun ? 
To join in the fun 
Call Chen Mingjiang to find out how many people there are already 
You have n't given me the group number 
55217415 
Received ? 
Added 
I 'm waiting for the verification 
Wait for me to go in the group and see if they 're still there or not 
Hello , Fei Yong 
Have you sorted out the photos of the school ? 
Good morning , Qiong 
I have sorted them out 
I can send them directly to you 
Can you send a copy to me ? 
I see too many of them in your space 
It is not easy for me to find one 
Um 
Send to me 
Thank you 
Please wait 
OK 
Sorry for keeping you waiting for these photos . I am sorry , I thought you already chose them in the space . Ho ho 
Ho ho , thank you for all the trouble you 've taken .
Thank you , Fei Yong 
You are so welcome 
Does your daughter still celebrate [ Children 's Day | June 1st ] ? 
She does n't have a day off tomorrow ( from mobile phone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
She also loves to celebrate with her classmates 
Kids under 14 years old celebrate it ! Our work unit has a half - day child - parent leave tomorrow afternoon 
My work unit is inhumane 
Heh heh . Children start to be independent step by step from kindergarten . Our work unit just has it this year 
Now is the golden season for you to be with your child 
You 're almost harvesting , I 'm just sprouting 
I feel bad 
When a melon is ripe , it falls off its stem by itself . It 's the order of nature 
That 's because my mind is not broad enough 
God is fair . When there ’s gain , there ’s loss , and the world can have balance .
Right ! 
Are you living life as you want to be now ? 
I 'm doing pretty well . The key is that my attitude is better 
If you do n't get concerned too much about everything , that ’s good enough 
Just perform when you finish programming 
You may not perform , also . As long as you ’re happy and comfortable , that ’s good enough 
Yeah 
Do n’t be too hard on yourself 
Today , I basically settled the matter of my elder brother 's son going to junior high [ expression ] 
That was n't easy . You are badly beaten up and exhausted , right ? 
I 'm all right 
I 'm relieved 
You are awesome ! You can reward yourself 
Buy a pair of jeans with holes 
Hee hee , it is n't impossible . What you have n't experienced can be made up for crazily 
[ General Manager | GM ] Zhang 's text message , pay quickly ... for Liu , did he not see it ? ( From QQ Mobile 2012 [ iPhone ] : Voice Chat , Effective Communication ! ) 
Paid in full 
Oh ... 
Let me know after you have remitted the money 
I 'm checking on it 
OK 
Remitted ( From QQ Mobile 2012 [ iPhone ] : Voice Chat , Effective Communication ! ) 
OK 
Okay 
Still no news about the money , right ? 
Sigh 
Yes 
I ’ll send you a picture to amuse you 
Hoho 
Okay 
My phone is about to ring off the hook 
It 's a little nauseating 
This is really not easy on you 
Haha 
It 's quite nauseating indeed 
To have feet actually swollen like that , and still struggling on the front line 
Sigh 
I guess when my [ Baby Lotus Root | Oubaobao ] comes out she 'll be able to test for a mid-level job title straight away 
Haha 
This is prenatal education 
Come out hating Shi Gongcheng 
Haha 
Even my husband is annoyed with him now 
Every time he calls me he talks for a very long time 
He 's chatting with you 
Prattling on 
Talks for so long , and only a few sentences are on point 
I even wonder , can he not understand what I said ? 
Haha . Are you using earphones to talk on the phone now ? 
I do n’t use them 
So my husband is annoyed 
The radiation is considerable 
Right 
You 're on the phone so much in a day 
Are you wearing anti-radiation clothing then ? 
I do n’t wear it 
Did n't they say that thing is n't useful ? 
Who knows ? There are people who wear it now , and say it is a psychological comfort 
I have never worn it even for a day 
It 's merely a psychological comfort too . I reckon it does n't have much effect either 
That anti-radiation one is so expensive as well 
Exactly 
When do you plan to start going off duty then ? It ’s already not very convenient given your belly now , right ? 
My waistline is 3.4 chi now 
Relatively nimble 
Haha 
I can still drive myself 
Awesome 
It 's always me tugging them to run along when crossing the street 
Did n’t others say that when you are agile you 'll generally give birth to a boy ? 
I have n't looked 
Persevering to the last minute 
Actually my father - in - law and second aunt are both from the Provincial Hospital 
My husband and I insisted on not viewing it 
Yeah . Giving birth to a boy or girl is all the same now anyway 
Yes 
It ’s fine as long as it 's healthy 
If you see it earlier , then there 's no suspense . Exactly . Health is the most important 
Actually speculating like this now is also very interesting 
Our family members are also split into two sides 
Guessing is also a kind of pleasure 
Is n’t it ? 
Hoho 
The money has already been remitted via telegraphic transfer . As soon as I receive it here , I 'll transfer it to you immediately 
Okay 
Check and receive 
Arrived 
Arrived 
(( Sent )) 
Okay 
Type of business 
I ca n't see it 
Type of business . Industrial or commercial ? 
Commercial 
Nature of the industry 
New Accounting Standards of 2007 ? 
Right 
Unable to fill in the “ access controls ” 
Establish the account with the administrator 
Already done establishing it 
By the way , can Guo Rui come back ? Is he able to go ? 
I do n’t know either 
Oh , okay then 
I ’m your Brother Hao 
Go away 
Oh , damn it . Fuck you 
Come on baby , kiss my ass 
You idiot 
Huh 
Send me some photos 
What photos to send ? 
Damn it , you come to select some 
Okay 
I ’ll go over to examine the goods 
Ludan , are you there ? I found Sudan to help me submit the photo . I wanted to ask you , do they not issue an enrollment certificate if I have n't signed with a third party school ? 
I did n't sign with a third party , and did n't get one .
No 
The default is if you do n't do anything , they will automatically give you an enrollment certificate from where the student originated 
If you 're giong abroad , if you have an enrollment certificate for returning home or if you process your own HR link , the enrollment certificate header will be the linked unit 
I asked a human resources market in Zhongshan , he said they ca n't process the HR agency until they get the enrollment certificate 
Then first get the enrollment certificate 
You are from Zhongshan ? 
? 
Right 
Then is n't it a different place of student origin ? 
Yea , do n't I need an HR agent to send it back ? 
No 
If I do n't get an HR agent , will it be hard to get my file back out after I return ? 
It will directly go to the HR bureau for your home 
Teacher Dong said it 's best to link to the human resources market , as then it is easier to send out the file 
I do n't really understand this ... 
No problem , in any case you just need to get the enrollment certificate 
I 'm just afraid that without signing with a third party I ca n't get an enrollment certificate 
Oh , this should n't be a problem 
You there ? 
I arrive in New York on the 14th , and return to Hong Kong on the 18th 
What day of the week is the 14th in New York ? 
If there 's still accomodation , where is the best place ? 
The 14th is Thursday 
Accomodation is based on where you mostly plan on doing in New York 
Sightseeing or shopping ? 
I think the most convenient is to stay in Manhattan or Flushing 
I had a meeting this afternoon , and just came back . I ’m so sleepy . I must catch up on my sleep . How about you ? I ’m worried about you 
I am pretty well 
What I am thinking of now is Little Tutu 
I dare not even call home 
I wonder how Tutu is doing 
I will go home soon , and then give you a call 
Do you have to work overtime ? 
Come home early if you have nothing to do . Catch up on your sleep 
Give me a reply as soon as possible 
I have received the mail 
(( We do n’t have enough for movies )) 
(( No new addition of 20w )) 
Wealth investment products are even not as good as three - year term deposits whose current interest rate is 5 % 
All right . Forget about it , then . Just safeguard what we already have .
I ca n’t stand it anymore 
I want to call home 
Go ahead and call 
Do you think Tutu is sleeping ? Or has she gone out to play ? 
She should have woken up by now 
She is unlikely to have gone out 
I called 
It was said that Tutu fell asleep around one o’clock , and slept till about four o’clock 
She is n’t coughing so much now 
At home 
At home , right ? 
But she has a runny nose 
I am going to go home soon . Come home early if you miss Tutu . Lately , she keeps saying “ Mom , hug me ” . My heart aches 
I am leaving immediately after work 
I am leaving now 
[ Bye | 8 ] 
It was just like what [ you jinx | your crow ’s beak ] said . The Anhui Quality Supervision & Inspection Institute wants to treat me to dinner tonight 
Hoho , it ’s also good to get a clear picture of the situation right in the morning ! I will report it to Elder Sister right away 
You should bring the little fish with you , so you can feed it at any time 
I want to state clearly at the outset that this is my last contact with you . From now on , no matter what happens , we will not contact each other ever again .
I can also clearly inform you that I can not and will never see you again ! 
If there were still some good memories of our youthful times when we got in touch six months ago , now those good memories have completely gone . If you continue to badger me again , it will only result in my distaste for you .
It is [ none of my business | your own business ] that you love me , but please do not affect my life . We were not able to get together in the past . Now it is even more impossible for us to be together , and it is absolutely impossible for us to be together in the future .
You always said that I ’m avoiding reality , which I think is laughable . What is there for me to run from ? I have never done anything against my moral conscience and principles .
I prefer to place the beautiful feelings from my youth in my memories .
If you forcibly badger me now , it will only make me regret whether I had been too ignorant at that time .
So what if we meet ? The past goodness that we had will only be ruined in the face of reality .
It ’s been so many years , and there has been no socializing whatsoever between you and me , so it makes no sense for us to meet .
Your various actions have already made me feel like it ’s a kind of harassment . So please stop harassing me ! Please have some self - respect ! 
If I write it like this , how about it ? 
Hoho , it ’s so forceful . She will surely be ashamed to death 
Then she will be shamed into anger 
I want to cut off her hopes directly .
Send it out , then . Text message or [ QQ Instant Messenger | Q ] ? 
Text message 
Think it over first , and set it aside . If you still want to send it , then go ahead 
She texted me again this morning 
she said if I did n’t reply to her , =she would come to the company to look for me 
Forward it to me 
She is so horrible 
She provoked me to anger 
It has to be handled well 
That ’s why I responded with such a text message 
I do n’t care , I will send it out like this 
Be careful in the future and learn a lesson from it 
Pay attention to your personal safety 
It ’s not so serious , is it ? 
Did you send it out ? 
I am sending it now 
I will see how she reacts next 
Keep me informed of the progress anytime 
How is it going ? 
Nothing happened 
It is already in the past . Leave her alone 
I saw a person wearing the same [ Redhero apparel | Redhero ] as me at noon . I sighed with regret that [ the same clothes look different on others | clothes really choose their wearer ] 
Ha , Haha , Hahaha , Hahahaha 
I reckon she will not have the courage to wear it any more after seeing me in it 
I went back to wash clothes for Tutu ’s Dad at noon . Tutu saw and ran over to say : “ Stop washing , Mom , it is so tiring ! ” 
When Mom was going to work , Tutu eagerly followed behind me , saying : “ Mom , I will send you off ! ” Haha , my darling sweetheart has grown up ! 
Go on Dangdang.com to buy diapers for Tutu 
I was having meetings the whole day 
Can you go home now ? 
I ca n’t 
I do n’t know when it will be finished 
I reckon meals will be provided ? 
Yes 
Nevertheless I shall go home for dinner 
In that case , what time will it be ? 
It should be finished at six 
Poor Little Donkey 
Where are you ? 
In the Presidential Hotel 
At Chegongzhuang , we were there before 
Not Chegongzhuang 
It is over at Fuchengmen 
Is that the one which we visited together ? 
That time you had a meeting and I went to Wantong 
Right , right , right 
Wrong 
It seems like it 
It should be right 
Lin also went along that time 
How are you doing lately ? 
I ’m still the same . I came with the certificate for sick leave today . The leader said they ca n’t find someone to replace me so soon 
Are you planning to ask for leave ? 
Yeah , I ’d like to ask for leave and see after these two months . It ’s too uncomfortable . Moreover , I ca n’t eat well outside 
Is the morning =sickness pretty severe ? 
Still the same . I vomit occasionally , but inside my stomach it ’s like churning rivers and seas 
How many months are you now ? 
To calculate with your little table , I ’m 12 days away from 3 months 
Number of 
The sickness is almost gone around that time 
Who knows ? 
The main thing is I ca n’t eat well or rest well when I work . I leave too early in the morning and stay outside 13 hours straight 
Hang in there for a few days 
Do you have a place to rest at noon ? 
Yeah . So I have a dilemma . My leader said to hire one more person . If I have no sickness then , it wo n’t be easy to arrange my work if I come back 
I do . I have a sofa in my own office 
Take a nap at noon then 
I do n’t have sofa here . I sit for a whole day 
You should see how swollen my feet are 
Like steamed buns 
Oh , like that . How do you eat at noon ? 
I buy food and eat 
But the advantage is that it ’s relatively close to dowtown , so it ’s easy to buy stuff 
Oh , yeah . The main thing is that you do n’t have particular requirements for food . It ’s no good for me , because there is only one restaurant of hand - pulled noodles 
Is there a microwave in your work unit ? 
There is n’t . They do n’t allow us to use it 
We ’ll get a fine if we use it . Besides , I do n’t have time to make stuff in the morning 
It would be okay if you could use it . Cook something at night and freeze it . Take it with you in the morning when you leave . It ’ll be almost thawed at noon , and perfect for heating up 
Yeah , leftovers from the night before are not too good either 
Is your lunch prepared by your mother ? 
No 
I buy it and eat it outside 
Really good 
How many months are you ? 
Almost 7 months 
That ’s so fast 
It ’s been quite fast 
There are some troubles now , and it ’s not very convenient 
You ’ must be quite a sight 
Do you still drive ? 
Yeah 
My waist size is 3 feet 4 
I ’ve gained a lot of weight 
I ’m even worried that I wo n’t be able to lose the weight in the future 
Endure it for the child 
Heh heh . Do n’t you know it ’s a boy or a girl yet ? 
We did n’t check 
If It was me , I could n’t have stood it already for a long time 
When I was doing cardiac ultrasound last time , his aunt wanted to see 
I still insisted on not watching 
Heh heh . I went to find a traditional Chinese doctor to feel the pulse 
But he said it ’s too small and he ca n’t feel anything 
Do n’t they say it has to be 4 months ? 
His wife said it ’s a boy , calculated by the date 
That ’s not accurate 
Really 
Those who got pregnant together with me are all in the same year . They all are told they are having a boy 
But calculated according to the table , they are all having a girl 
Mine is also a girl in accordance with the table 
Who knows 
Mine is also a girl according to the table 
Hee hee 
Each branch member , please download it from the party branch group email and fill it out , take note of the following when filling it out : 1 , for the 2008 class party member group file transfer registration form , only fill out " branch name , " " name , " " suspended employment ? , " and " file link ? " ; among these , " file link " refers to linking the file to the talent market ; 2 , for the 2008 class party group relations transfer registration form , apart from not having to fill out " introduction letter number " and " introduction letter issuance receipt , " the remaining items must be filled out based on the individual situation ; 3 , I already filled out each place in red writing for reference to the standard method of filling out both forms ; 4 , each party member should contact their employer as soon as possible to let them know where to send the personal party group relationship . Send it to me before June 12 ( hsfcz@139 . com ) , the uniform name for both forms is ( name + organization file and name + organization relationship ) , please reply when you receive this , thanks ! 
Each party member who gets a school notice must hold an education activity for party members of their graduating class , consider everyone 's time and energy constraints , the activity wo n't be held , but the school needs to submit the necessary materials . Now each party member is required to fill out a " 2012 graduating student party member education and study registration form " ( a separate form must be attached for the personal study summary portion , with at least 800 words ) . Please fill out and print it , and give me the paper registration form before June 8th .
OK , got it . Thanks 
[ automatic reply ] College tests are so easy , they test what you do n't know .
I forgot when I joined the party 
Was it one year after I became a full member ? 
Do I send you a screenshot or mail it to you ? 
Mail me both forms 
Also , you have to turn in a paper version of the education form 
Did n't Zheng Xiong says that we can print out the entire electronic version ? 
You do n't have to fill out the paper version by hand , a printed one also counts as a paper version 
I 'm going home , can you help me print it after I complete the electronic version ? 
You have to attach a photo 
Yea ... 
What can I do ? 
I 'm not returning to school until the 15th 
See if you have a photo in your dorm and have another classmate give it to me 
No 
[ automatic reply ] College tests are so easy , they test what you do n't know .
Actually everyone from the dorm went home 
Do you know Su Dan ? 
You can send a digital photo , and have your rommmates help you develop it 
[ automatic reply ] College tests are so easy , they test what you do n't know .
Do n't know them 
The preparation period is from July 6 , 2011 to July 6 , 2012 .
So I became a full member in July of this year ? 
Without a full member meeting it does n't count as becoming a full member 
Then there 's another meeting in July ? 
Can I trouble you to fill in the dates I joined the party and became a full member on the form ? Thanks 
July is vacation already , I think you 'll have to apply to become a full member next semester with the 09 class , or wait to become a full member at your work unit 
Preparatory party members do n't need to fill in the date they became a full member 
OK 
I can send that form to you before the tenth ? 
It would be best if you could turn it in one day earlier , because I still need time to get them in order and write the branch opinions 
OK 
Hello ! Manager Chen , is Manager Lu at the company ? 
No. He 's on a business trip 
Ah ? When will he come back ? 
I do n't know 
So what do we do ? Manager Zhao wants to repay the loan this week , and continue to borrow loans , 
Manager Lu should be able to come back this week 
but I am not sure about which exact day 
Oh , then I will wait and see 
Perhaps he will be back tomorrow . He did n't tell any one 
Oh , thank you ! 
Some materials need to be stamped with your company 's official seal . Where is the official seal ? 
I have the official seal here 
Oh , 
Hello ! The date for the shareholders ' meeting is decided on June 11 , which is Monday 
OK 
Can you confirm the guarantee of 1,800,000 ? 
Right . I confirm , 
Elder Sister . ( From QQ Mobile : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
You should thank me 
What happened ? 
Nothing . You 're not here . Several of us kids will help each other out .
Oh 
Take care of your health , I 'm boarding the train to =Lhasa .
Going to play ? 
Recruit students .
Then write that self - evaluation yourself , there 's no real requirements 
Argh , then what do I have to write ? 
How much you love your country and obey the law , and like to help others 
How many words should I write ? 
There 's no rule , but there 's one page and two sections in there 
What does one page and two sections mean ? 
You can call it a page and a half , keep an eye on the length 
Writing fifteen hundred words should be enough , right ? 
I 'm just finding it online ... 
Jianlong said he does n't know who to give that form to 
It 's best not to find it online 
I 'm seeing how others write it 
It should n't be too long 
OK 
Who do I give it to ? 
Give it to 122 at the school 
Or Huang Ting 
OK , good 
I 'll have Jianlong or someone else help you turn it in , you do n't have to worry about that 
Thanks 
My dear , check it again 
Those I marked 
I ’m hungry 
Okay 
For Liu Xuefeng , the insurance was deducted in Chongqing 
He is on the job and paid the insurance as soon as he came - paid it at Jinan 
Yeah , his payroll is made in Chongqing and his insurance is deducted every month 
Oh 
What do you want to say ? 
He is an employee of Jinan who is being sent outside . I have not received the notice of his separation , and he has been paying the insurance 
For this table , Nie Xia said that personnel who ca n’t be found in the table and ca n’t deduct insurance are separation personnel 
What I mean is his insurance is normally paid and normally deducted , so should he not be in this table 
Right 
This is what I wanted to say 
It ’s correct if Liu Xuefeng is deleted 
Check the other people . If they are the same as Liu , delete them 
Yu Yang is marked as being in Chongqing in the table , but there is n’t such a =person in Chongqing 
Person 
Give me the final table and I ’ll check it again . This has to be accurate 
Yeah 
Really ? I ’ll confirm with Chongqing 
It ’s corrected 
Except Yu Yang , the others are still there right ? 
Yeah 
Good 
== 
There is a Zhang Liang 
I ’ll check again 
Yeah , no more problems 
Zhang Liang is there , right ? 
Yeah 
Only Yu Yang 
Okay 
Yu Yang was originally in Chongqing , and then went to Nanjing , and was transferred back to Chongqing a few days ago 
Take a look again . He is in service 
Oh , he is in Nanjing 
Did he come back to Chongqing ? 
Yeah .
Heh heh , you have n’t left yet 
No 
This way it ’s complete 
It ’ll be fine if you delete the red words I wrote 
Okay . They are all there 
No 
Leave early 
They left 
Yeah 
Is your husband picking you up or will you drive ? 
Now my husband picks me up 
We ’re not allowed to park downstairs any more 
Yeah . If he picks you up , everyone can rest easy , and I can also rest easy … 
Hee hee 
There or not ? 
NARI Technology Development Co. , Ltd. , 4 people 
Here 
Tell me the next name list 
1:12 day [ picture ] 
What price did you ask for outside ? 
1:12 day 22:45 depart , Shanghai to Istanbul 
Give me the passport number 
2:23 day 00:35 Istanbul to Shanghai 
This is a reference , check it out 
I got it 
Is this a journey ? 
You have to give me the customer 's passport number and name 
Is it going on June 12th and returning on June 23rd ? 
Yes 
Also , from Istanbul to Ankara is needed for the 13th , 9:00 a.m. 
Equal to 3 tickets per person 
Got it ? 
4 tickets per person 
No , 3 tickets 
We do n't need Ankara to Istanbul 
Right 
4 people , 3 tickets per person 
Yes 
I got it , give my customer a name list 
Wait a moment 
It would be best if you could scan it 
It would be best to give me the passport scan 
Is the ticket payment paid from swiping a card or with cash 
I 'm not anxious , I ca n't book them until I have all of your passports 
Use the original passport numbers 
Another problem is that Shen Haodong wants a plane ticket for the 13th from Istanbul to Dubai ; for example , something after 8:00 on the morning of the 13th 
Wait for them to go through customs at Shanghai , then immediately cancel this ticket 
Then he is n't taking the same trip as you all ? 
Shen is going to Ankara 
Got it ? 
Still not clear 
You do n't have to be clear , because Shen did n't get a Turkish visa 
So that is the problem 
That means Shen has to go from Shanghai to Istanbul on the 12th , then get a plane ticket for the 13th from Istanbul to Dubai 
Then from Dubai to Ankara 
No , he 's going from Istanbul to Ankara , he 's not going to Dubai 
You cancel the plane ticket for the morning of the 13th to Dubai 
That means his ticket is normally issued with those for the others 
Yes 
Several are from Istanbul to Dubai on the 13th 
It 's just that there was an extra ticket from Istanbul to Dubai on the 13th , so cancel this ticket when they arrive in Istanbul 
Right 
I 'll explain it simply , we do n't do it this way , because Shanghai customs wo n't let him through 
That is to say , we cancel this ticket for the morning of the 13th 
Exactly 
I got it 
Can the invoice be issued when Shen gets the ticket ? 
The invoice is still the airline company document 
That kind I helped them get last time 
That one we gave to the people from Thailand last time is fine 
The main thing is you all should swipe your card 
This time you ca n't swipe your card at our company 
OK , plane ticket payment , unit : Nari Technology Development Co. , Ltd. 
Why ? It 's that difficult ? 
You have to swipe your card directly at the ticket office 
Where is the ticket office ? 
Downstairs in my building 
Still at the new intersection ? 
It 's fine as it 's not far 
Yes 
It 's very close 
Just bring them there when the time comes 
Because if we do n't issue our company 's invoice , it is hard for our company to enter it into the books 
This does n't matter 
Can Manager Shen 's invoice just be given to him once and considered delivered ? 
You 'll cancel the ticket when the time comes on the 13th ? 
I can do that 
Issue 4 invoices 
You have to get one for the ticket cancellation fee for Shen 's ticket 
Yes , that means Manager Shen 's ticket will be a little more 
Right 
For the flight time use the time you sent me 
OK , for the ticket to Dubai use the one with the lowest cancellation fee 
I know that 
Right 
Because it 's a fake 
Is the cancellation fee related to the ticket price ? 
Yes 
It 's related to tax 
Oh , I 'll wait for your message 
I 'm already doing it 
That means the Istanbul and Shanghai ones are round - trip 
Are you there on the weekend ? 
When they cancel them , they directly go to you ? 
You also have to make an itinerary for them 
I 'm going to Hangzhou tomorrow 
Then who do I go to for the tickets ? 
No problem , I 'll hand it over to the ticket office people , and let them take your friends directly to swipe their card 
Get the tickets and invoices 
Just downstairs in my building 
Are you working on Saturday and Sunday ? Their schedule is tight and they only have time these 2 days 
Working both days 
They do n't get time off 
Tomorrow I 'm leading the group and wo n't return until Monday 
Where are you going ? 
His side will help him do it , they 'll print out the invoice and itinerary and give them to your client 
I 'm going to Qiandao Lake in Hangzhou for three days 
OK , you have a lot of work now , it would be great if you could make arrangements to lead the group now , and later arrange for my U.S. trip 
You help me lead the group next week 
They 're going on a two - day trip next Saturday to the Western Zhejiang Bay , I 'm going too 
You 're not leading them again , I 'm a little afraid 
Haha , worried what happened last time will happen again ? 
I 'm personally leading the team 
2 cars 
2 tour guides , I 'm joining them for the trip 
Look at you with your free time 
I have to go , I 'll call you in a bit when the tickets are ready 
They have to be booked today 
Got it 
Already booking 
I mean I 'm afraid of going to the wrong place , so 
My cell phone is on , the itinerary has been sent to the ticket office 
If there 's any problem they will call me , and I 'll let you know right away 
About how much per person ? 
The ticket prices have n't come out yet , they will be ready right away 
How much is the difference between your price and the online price ? 
You know , if the difference is too large , others wo n't be happy 
I know that 
The thing is sometimes you wo n't be guaranteed to get the online price 
Yea , remind him : NARI Technology Development Co. , Ltd. , airplane ticket price : ) 
I have the name 
Good 
The invoice is to be issued for an airplane ticket 
Yea , as long as everything is smooth 
What is the number of your qq mailbox ? 
I 'll send that picture to you 
to your mailbox 
What is the number of your qq mailbox ? 
Go receive it 
I 've already sent it 
It should have what you want 
I did n't get it 
I only just sent it 
It should be quicker to receive it by qq 
The =mail has been returned 
It 's probably too big 
There should n't be any problems sending it by qq 
Did you send it as a compressed file ? Use an extra-large mailbox 
Transmission is now almost half done 
I 'll send it like that then 
Is Master 's poem good ? 
This poem is not bad 
It is very impressionistic 
It was inspired by my Master 's wife 
You can see Master 's inner freedom , ca n't you ? 
It is from the Fireworks in March 
It is from Spring River Flows East 
This poem is not rustic . It is a pure youthful love song 
It is your favorite tune 
Um 
Master , you are really smart 
Master always remains eager for life , and is very energetic 
Master writes poems to balance himself . It has been a long time since Master last dated someone [ emoticon ] 
Master 's heart is with Master 's wife 
It is in the ten - direction universe 
Where is my disciple ? 
I 'm here 
What 's your indication , Master ? 
It seems that Master said something inappropriate yesterday 
Um 
Master is a bit lonely 
He is looking for an opponent 
but his disciple is not there 
Ha - ha 
Did I read Master 's mind correctly ? 
Um 
Is n't Master 's dream person there ? 
Xiao Qiao ? 
No 
Da Qiao 
Who ? 
Xiao Qiao is not there today , right ? 
[ Wind | Feng ] 
Is she online ? It is not displayed on my side 
She is not Da Qiao . She is also a disciple 
Ha - ha 
She is there 
How do you feel about yesterday 's poem ? 
Are your language skills very poor ? 
You are thinking so slowly 
I read your articles on QQ . They are fine [ emoticon ] 
Is Master making a compliment or a criticism ? 
My wits are so exhausted now 
Have you written a poem ? 
No 
I did in high school 
but nothing is coming out now 
It is suitable for you to write prose 
Ho ho 
Has Master gone for a meal ? 
I finished eating 
Is Master 's speech interesting today ? 
You have returned to normal today 
You belittled yourself , and also belittled your disciples yesterday 
You have face particularly today , do n't you ? 
It is not bad to be belittled . When you are standing at a lower position , you can choose not to compete 
It is wiser than maintaining a decent appearance despite [ having too many difficulties to cope with | being out at the =elbows ] 
There is nothing to compete or not to compete in this group in the first place .
This is Master 's master , Master Miao Xiang 
You will be him a few years later 
Um 
Correct 
I sort of admire people like your Master 
Who can be away from the hustle and bustle of the city 
and leave everything behind 
Master Miao Xiang Master is a contemporary eminent monk , who studies Shurangama Mantra 
I do not understand these 
but I can tacitly understand the connotation in it 
Disciple is not stupid , right ? 
Shurangama Mantra is a mantra about roughness , which ca n't be destroyed by demons and non-Buddhists , and where immeasurable wisdom is born 
You have never been living in the bottom of society in your life , so you are still quite obsessed with face 
You can begging with Master when you have the opportunity later . I mean begging for meals 
No way 
You ca n't get freedom if you ca n't leave it behind 
I can leave it behind if I go begging ? 
There are too many people maintaining a decent appearance at the cost of [ having too many difficulties to cope with | being out at the =elbows ] in life . I think that is too tiring 
Have a try and you will know 
No way 
I still wo n't go 
Buddhas all go begging 
I can not stay away from the city 
That is =why I say you are not free 
Ha - ha 
Um 
I do n't think it is worth sacrificing too much to pursue freedom 
You know nothing about Buddhism 
Master is expelling me 
If you want to go , I will not close the door 
This is an expulsion order 
That depends on the predestined relationship between us , the Master and the disciple 
Well , I am running away from home 
To become a monk ? 
My home is at Master 's place 
Are n't you issuing an expulsion order ? 
I will leave Master then 
Aya , my eyes become wet 
There must be dust in your eyes 
After the first disciple is gone , the second disciple will help you blow 
I am =thrilled 
? 
What do you mean ? 
Thrilled 
Then I 'm leaving 
Master 's home is in the grand void , where there is no door , and there is no end 
Where are you going ? 
I do n't know 
That is the best extent your disciple can do 
What extent ? 
The current extent 
It is already very good 
I am not expelling you 
Bearing in mind that Master and the disciple have had good relationship , I will continue to stay 
I am not asking you to stay , either 
Master , you are very bad 
You are a little nasty 
Second 
Recruiting one for the position . I ranked second 
Yes 
You knew ? ? 
They said it in the chat group 
This is an opportunity 
Ask your grandfather to [ handle it | ride out on a horse ] 
Haha~~ You group of guys 
No. Head to head this time 
? 
Quite regular now 
9 people out of 100 will be chosen for the examiners for the interview ( not definite each day ) 
What can be done then ? 
Do you need Sisi to give you some training ? 
When is the interview ? 
Is there time to sign up for class ? 
How many points are you from first place ? 
Signing up for class now , but ca n't make the payment [ emoticon ] 
The internet speed is a little slow 
So miserable 
Try to get it done at dawn 
Unfortunately I did n't bring my USB key back 
I saw your USB key yesterday 
Good~~ I 'm anxious now 
(( Why are you anxious ? )) 
Was that first place very good ? 
I do n't know~~ 
That 's why I have lingering fear 
This is you having anticipating fear , not lingering fear 
Haha~~ True , true !! I have to go back to the dormitory to pay the fee now 
I ’ll chat with you after a while !! 
It 's so late and you have n't gone to sleep yet 
I forgot to get offline yesterday : ) 
OK ( from mobile phone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
I want to ask if you know Wu 's telephone number ? 
I do n't have his telephone number . Ask Shaohua . I did n’t sleep last night , because I was sad 
I prayed for him in the middle of night , and hoped he wo n't have so much pain in his final moments 
Was he your classmate in high school ? 
Do you believe in Christianity ? 
I 'm not sure . Maybe . But no matter whether we were in the same class or not , we were definitely in the same school and same hometown 
I do n't believe in Christianity , but I believe in the power of sincerity 
He was my good friend in elementary school 
I could n't fall asleep last night , even by 4:00 
When I woke up in the middle of the night , I was very sad . I heard a crow cawing in the middle of the night , and felt a kind of foreboding , so I prayed for him right away 
You are very observant and conscientious [ expression ] 
I asked Shaohua to greet him for me . It does n't matter anymore whether he knows me or not . I just want him to know that many old classmates are thinking of him , blessing him in his last moments . He is not alone 
I do n't know Shaohua . Can he bring my greetings ? 
You can just tell Shaohua directly . He ’s online 
He ’s going back to Yongxin to see Wu Wei leave 
Okay 
Was he in Class 4 in 10th grade ? 
That should be right 
In Class 3 in junior high school 
Then he once was in the same class with me . Unfortunately , I did n't like talking to people back then . I was in Class 4 and Class 2 in junior high school 
His handwriting was good 
and was great in mathematics 
He was also honest 
What a pity ! Unfortunately , I do n’t have any memories with him 
I was too autistic back then 
He was a little short but very strong 
A little bit like Bruce Lee 
It would nice if there were some photos 
I probably ca n't find them 
He might have talked with me , but I did n't pay attention 
Yeah , we need to cherish everyone appearing in our life in the future 
His nickname was pretty crude – Biezaika 
What does that mean ? 
He was very shy with girls 
It 's local dialect in Yongxin 
I happened to be very shy with boys too , so maybe it ’s not too likely we had interaction 
I subjectively think that one thing is that he drank too much alcohol for work socializing . Another reason is that his personality was too introverted and depressed 
Did his job require social activities ? Depression might be more deadly 
There are many dinner parties in Highway Administration Bureau 
You also need to pay attention to your health , ++ 
Thanks . Let 's cherish the present together 
I hope what I hear is always good news 
I have n't heard about Shaohua and Wu . I hope everything can get better 
When are you mailing it to me ? 
[ Yikes | e ] , which day did you mail it ? 
[ Yikes | Forehead ] , all right , haha . What do you do at home every day ? [ Appearing at one moment and disappearing the next | to see the head of the divine dragon but not its tail ] 
I ’m learning to drive . Besides , where can you see me … 
On my [ QQ instant messenger | QQ ] 
I actually =want to meet you 
But you must first allow me to meet you 
I 'll allow you meet me once you come back 
… Ca n't you come specifically to look for me ? Ha 
Have you come to Dalian before ? The landscape is beautiful 
Been there before 
No one was with me 
It 's so meaningless by myself 
When did you come ? 
It 's entirely changed in appearance 
Ask Big Aunt along 
I 'll consider it 
All right . You 'd better come , otherwise if I cry , what 's to be done ? 
Do you have the heart to do it ? 
I can bear it … 
... 
I mentioned it to the teacher that day 
The teacher said that if they no longer wish to study with her , she will refund the money 
That 's what she said 
She said I was also too distrustful of her 
Geez 
Are you also worried your child will not like it ? 
Uh-huh 
That 's also what I said back then 
You 're more motivated only when you are under pressure 
Mother Teng said it was awkward to say this to the teacher 
I mentioned it to the teacher on the day , as she was leaving 
She said that if I did n't like it , she will refund the money 
No , the key thing is that if you hand over the money without taking a look , you will feel still unsure about it 
I would like to take a look , but I do n't have any time to do so 
I think that if , after attending one class , the children like it , we will pay the money , and there should be no problem ! 
Mother Teng audited , but none of us had audited 
Let me have a word with Mother Teng .
Hehe . Have another word with her 
However , it would n't be clear from the first lesson 
I spoke to her , but she has n't acknowledged me 
I 'm just trying to put my mind at rest , that 's all .
I think I 'll not make payment until the evening of June 29th 
Hehe 
The teacher did n't even say anything [ emoticon ] 
However , I was n't being careful in what I just said , getting her to say her card number .
I spoke too soon 
I should talk about it after June 29th , [ emoticon ] 
Can they pay it now ? 
Let me take a look first 
Was my pay deposited to the new or the old card ? 
The 2821 card 
Do you still need to draw salary ? 
It 's only 380 
I dare not . I only think that if I save it with the one from next month , I can still buy baby something 
=Shit , are you ridiculing me ? ! 380 is also money ! 
Well , Aunt Ma might have done it the other way around 
I do n't know if the 2821 one is the old or the new card .
I have n't spent my own money for a long time 
Hehe 
Next month then , I 'll ask her to change it 
Okay 
2821 is my old card .
What do I use the new card for ? 
The new card is useless anymore ? ! 
No problem . I 'll ask Aunt Ma to change it next month and deposit it into the new card . I 'll set up online banking with the new card 
Still in Shanghai ? ( From cellphone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
Right 
How are you ? 
A bit less than perfect after returning to the workplace and working for a few months 
Returning ? 
My child is now one year and seven months old 
You have always been with that company ? 
Right 
What are you doing now ? 
Publishing 
How about you ? Is your current job the same as before ? 
Publishing house 
I did foreign trade before 
When I just came , I did foreign trade and followed up with purchase orders 
Good , now we are the same 
I gave all my customers to other people 
I 'm getting off work , [ bye - bye | 88 ] 
When I returned home and my husband moved to another apartment , all my customers ' business cards and materials were not taken along and got lost 
Kid , are you there ? 
You have n't added everyone ? 
Ah , I did , I just wanted to ask whether you added their Feixin ? 
Ca n't make a discussion group ? 
Yea 
Because Zheng Xiong and them are changing the college entrance exam , so they might not be able to see QQ 
I do n't know if they can make it when the time comes 
You did n't add them ? 
So ... 
I got a new cell phone , I did n't add their Feixin 
Jiagui 
Oh , right , I almost forgot 
Guibo 
Ten people 
Oh ? I found that Guibo is n't in my friend list 
Before I found out I accidentally deleted him 
I 've been going out a lot these past two days 
I have n't been in front of the computer 
Everyone should be there , the 08 class committee 
Yea , but he was in the same dorm as Zheng Xiong , so you can have Zheng Xiong tell him 
What have you been busy doing lately ? 
Found work ? 
[ expression ] I have n't been able to completely settle down 
So I 'm still fighting while waiting 
Yea , good look ↖(^ω^)↗ 
Meng Jiao 
Ask Peng Mingwei to come to my office 
He 's not here 
Oh , forget it then . Thank you 
You replied very fast this time 
Hehe , the hygiene is not very poor today 
I also asked clearly yesterday . It 's Mondays , Wednesdays , Saturdays , and Sundays 
Yoga 
Mondays and Wednesdays are at night 
What are Mondays , Wednesdays , Saturdays , and Sundays ? 
Is it four classes a week ? 
Saturdays and Sundays are in the afternoon 
Tuesdays , Thursdays , and Fridays are belly dance 
What are Tuesdays , Thursdays , and Fridays ? 
I 'm sure that it is every night 
Are Tuesdays , Thursdays , and Fridays at night ? 
There will also be Jazz in a couple of days 
Yes 
I 'm also at night 
There is n't any on Friday night 
Jazz is not bad 
I want to learn it as well 
Hehe , the class will begin in a little while 
Summarize it for me 
Monday and Wednesday nights are yoga , Tuesday and Thursday nights are belly 
They have something every night 
I read it wrong earlier 
Friday is off 
Saturdays and Sundays are afternoon classes 
In this case , there will be classes four nights a week 
In addition , from what time to what time at night ? 
6:20 - 7:20 
The time may change over time 
That I 'm not sure 
280 for a month , 580 for three months 
You can try out the classes 
I tried out the class yesterday 
What did you try out yesterday ? 
Yoga 
Where is the exact location 
Zhongtian Pedestrian Street , Nantou , turn onto the road on the right , 365 
365 , the dance studio is on the second floor . The first floor is cosmetics 
The book store is across the street 
Um , where do I put my bicycle if I ride it there ? 
It 's indeed a bit far from my house 
Faint , in front of the store 
There are people on the first floor 
My bicycle is very small and =very light . People can just take it and leave 
How do you feel about your experience ? 
It 's okay 
The biggest feeling is that he lacks training in normal days 
Also , the =class ends quickly 
The class ends quickly 
You did n't get enough 
Er , you can say that 
Did you sign up ? 
Is your house close to there ? 
It 's not close 
It 's not close no matter where I take the class 
Does the teacher teach well ? 
Are there many students ? 
There were n't many for the yoga yesterday 
I saw it on the other day that there were eight for the belly dance 
I hope that there are fewer people 
I do n't like too many people 
Faint . Other than taking small classes , there are always many people 
Was Xiao Peng there ? 
Yes , he was 
When did you tell Xiao Peng that you will go ? 
You =paid the fees already 
He knows 
Manager Chen !! What is the scope of the exam I am going to take !! Give me a scope !! So that I can study !! [ emoticon ] 
You will take the exam together with the logistics and business departments 
It is mainly about corporate culture 
and similar to the one last year 
Can you give me some materials to read !! [ Whimpering | 555 ] [ emoticon ] 
The material is the Employee Handbook 
You have the Employee Handbook , do n't you ? 
[ picture ] The contents in it will be tested !! 
Um 
OK !! I =have to do my best to memorize them !! 
Yin , let 's go to the seaside instead 
The children would like the seaside 
Do you want to go to Xiamen ? 
I 've already been to Sanya 
I 've been to Xiamen twice 
I took my kids there last year during the Dragon Boat =Festival 
Oh 
If we go to Guangzhou , we will need someone to drive 
Yes 
Otherwise , it wo n't be convenient to take children on a trip 
Qinghua ca n't drive 
Right 
Is Xiamen very beautiful ? 
Just normal 
A small city 
There is the Putuo Temple there 
Many people go there to burn incense 
Oh 
I 'm not =interested in that 
The second time I went there was in fulfillment of a promise 
You can spend some time touring Gulang Island 
There is also a volcanic island a little further away from there 
It 's a shame there 's no sea where Xiaoming is . Mount Danxia is very famous as well , I do n't think your brother would run away 
Hehe 
It 's boring on mountains 
The children would n't be interested in it 
It 's tiring taking children along 
I wonder if Qinghua could arrange for a vehicle 
When they are too tired to climb , they even want to be carried on your back 
How about we go by ourselves ? 
Do you want me to ask Xiaohua ? 
The most important thing is the vehicle 
Hehe 
It 's more fun with a lot of people 
Never mind 
There is nothing wrong if you ask 
You can see it was good fun last year only because there were so many people there 
To have fun , you need it to be relatively lively 
Xiaoming previously said he would go with you . I guess he would drive here 
The main thing is that Zhenya is n't here 
Xiaohua also said he should be here 
Qingfeng previously said he would come ; I do n't think he will come 
He 's just deceiving you 
As for Shenzhen , it 's just Yuxiang and the others , and Zhihua is very busy at this point in time . He said that if he is here , he will keep us company 
Xiehua is quite dependable after all 
Xiehua is sincere in his dealings with people 
Stubborn people are more reliable [ emoticon ] 
In this respect , there are few people who could compare with him 
I think he is also busy right now 
Hmm 
To cook boiled green soybeans , do you cut both ends off , add salt and a mixture of five spices ? 
Cut both the ends off 
and place the soybeans in water and bring it to the boil 
Hmm 
Around two minutes after bringing it to the boil 
The water will turn a little green in color 
Pick one up with chopsticks and taste it to see whether it 's cooked 
Cooked in two minutes ? 
As it 's boiling , add a bit of salt 
Should I add more salt when it has come to the boil ? 
And then drain it . Strain off the water and let it dry 
It 's sufficient to add it while it 's boiling 
And then pour it into a large bowl 
All you need to do is add a bit of salt , chicken bouillon , thin soy sauce , vinegar , and sesame oil , and mix well 
You do n't need to add any spices 
Will it have any taste like that ? 
And also some garlic and some finely chopped ginger 
Do n't you add them as it is boiling ? 
If you 're boiling it in cold water , bring it to the boil for 2 - 3 minutes 
No , 
Cold soybeans salad 
My mother makes it at home , and it is also very popular 
Cut off the two sides 
Oh , I 'll have a try today 
This helps to enhance the flavor 
Really simple 
Young soybeans are sweet as well at the moment 
Yes , I bought some today 
and want to try it using your method , 
and see if it 's tasty or not 
If you want to have a chili flavor , you could add some deep - fried dry chili to it 
The flavor is even better 
Put plenty of vinegar on 
I 've just been to the supermarket to buy some seasonings , some of them are running out 
I 'm not putting in any chili , as my little one wo n't eat it 
I 've run out of ginger 
You do n't need any particular seasonings 
Geez 
It 's OK if you have n't got them 
I will truly make it according to your recipe 
You should n't put too much raw garlic in 
It 's okay to add a bit more vinegar , right ? Do you need to fry these seasonings in oil ? 
You do n't 
Oh , I see 
Completely raw 
I 'll practice this evening 
Hehe 
I 've also bought a bread - making machine 
Too much bother 
It 's like an oven 
so you can make bread yourself 
You 'd have to go through a long process just to eat it once or twice 
A bread - making machine is simple 
fool - proof 
After putting all the things in 
An automatic procedure 
[ emoticon ] Is it tasty ? Can it make cakes ? 
The bread comes out of the oven after 2 hours and 30 minutes 
Cakes are a little more difficult to make 
The bread is tasty 
=Spread a bit of butter on it 
Particularly tasty 
You need to use an oven for cakes 
It seems I 've never seen butter in the supermarkets here 
My eldest really likes eating 
[ emoticon ] I 'll try it when I get back home 
They do n't like eating bread 
They like eating cakes 
I sometimes buy some 
Cakes are a little more difficult to make 
You need to use an eggbeater 
I do n't trust those bought from outside 
Mainly because I do n't really like eating , either . Sometimes , I will use some flour to make some pancakes .
Do you generally make breakfast yourself ? 
Apart from Sundays , I generally do n't , as I do n't have time 
My maid makes it herself , and you can also get it in the canteen 
You can buy it 
Breakfast is provided in the morning in my little darling 's kindergarten 
Children need to eat 
I do n't trust those bought from outside 
Their =school provides it 
I normally buy it from outside , 
as I actually feel in a rush even when I go to work at half past eight 
I do n't have time to buy vegetables 
It 's inconvenient when there is no one at home 
Our maid gets up at 6.30 in the morning to make it 
Yes . It 's much better if there is someone to do it 
Does she normally also buy the vegetables ? 
[ emoticon ] Yes , my son goes up from elementary school to the junior high school this year ( from cellphone QQ : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
What school has he been admitted by taking the exam ? 
They 're not allowed to set an entrance exam 
? 
He 's planning to go to Wuhan Iron and Steel Corp 's experimental school 
That 's a good school 
The State Education Commission has published a circular saying that they do n't permit the holding of school admission exams . They issued a list of ten prohibited things this year 
We 're still waiting for information . So far , they have n't yet issued a formal student - recruitment prospectus 
I 'd prefer an exam , as it would be a bit fairer in comparison 
What grade is your son in ? 
The second grade 
He 's going up to the third grade in September 
Oh 
Before the third grade , particular stress is laid on fostering good habits , as after the fourth grade they need to =foster excellence as appropriate 
That 's my experience ! [ emoticon ] 
Hmm 
Two precious things , keeping =company of each other ! 
It 's good 
I 'm going to have something to eat ! Let 's chat again when we have time ! 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Zhang Qiang , which department 's questions are used in your exam ? 
The same as those in Gao Hongxia 's exam ? 
Um 
OK 
What kind of questions are used in Qin Liuhua 's exam ? 
OK 
OK 
The questions in Gao Hongxia 's exam are used in Qin Liuhua 's exam 
OK , Manager Chen 
OK , now I will ask Wang Fangfang to send them to you 
Please accept 
Just print them out and use them for the exams 
Our exams are open - book this time 
Take a look at my classmate 's wedding video 
There was no password when I went in 
You try and see if it 's right 
It 's wrong 
In that case , I do n't know 
.. 
Why do n't we use my [ account | number ] to watch it when we meet up some day ? 
There 's a link on [ Youku internet video | Youku ] , right ? 
It 's not [ Youku internet video | Youku ] 
There 's a [ Youku internet video | Youku ] link on [ QQ instant messenger | ball ball ] 
Ca n't find it 
Stupid~ 
Ask her for the password 
I did n't need a password to watch it 
You 're her [ QQ instant messenger | beg beg ] friend 
She 's not here 
How come you have gotten stupid lately ? 
Your avatar does n't look good 
Why ? 
Because you said that I 'm stupid 
...... 
Did you check whether it ’s a boy or a girl ? 
[ emoticon ] Ah ? 
A boy or a girl ? 
Did you check at the Fifth Hospital ? 
From my family 
Have you gained weight ? 
I checked it over a month ago 
I ’ve gained 3.5 kilograms 
Within a month 
It ’s time for you to gain weight 
I did n’t gain any last time , and I suddenly have gained 3.5 kilograms this time 
It would n’t be normal if you had n’t gained weight yet 
Do you eat a lot now ? 
[ Emoticon ] A lot , but I feel like my stomach is bloated if I eat too much 
Does your stomach feel bloated ? 
It feels bloated 
Especially after I finish eating 
And I ca n’t walk after I ’m full 
My waist is 3 feet 4 now 
It ’s almost as big as Wang Qiuguang 
Your suffering will be over more than a month ahead of me 
Hee hee . You two ’s figures match even more now 
Have you set the fetal position yet ? For me , the head seemed to be up 
I have n’t been checked for a long time 
I have to think of a way to let him turn upside down then 
My child is busy all day long 
I ’m afraid if I set it now , it will change if he moves 
It seems like it ’s set after 7 months 
The picture in the EXCEL you sent me , the child ’s head is up for the first few months 
I ’m just 7 months 
I ’ll ask the doctor next time . It seems like the head being up is an abnormal position of the fetus , which requires a C - section 
Do you dislike hotness ? 
I ’m okay . With an air conditioner on every day , I basically do n’t go outside 
My cardiac ultrasound seems to have nothing to do with whether the face is inward or outward 
Where did you have it ? 
But they scheduled the wrong time for me . I went there on June 7 , and they scheduled it actually on July 6 . But they still did it and said they would redo it on July 6 
From the Fifth Hospital 
Do you have pay again ? 
They said to mainly take a tool at the heart and have nothing to do with whether the face is inward or outward 
I do n’t pay again . It ’s them who make mistakes on the dates 
Oh , that ’s =okay 
That doctor constantly asked me to take another ultrasound . I said I ’ll wait till the seventh month to have a 4D color ultrasound and their hospital said they do n’t have it … 
My coworker did it 
But she did it a little bit early 
The appearance of the child was not like a person yet 
I guess it did n’t grow well enough yet 
At which month did she do it ? 
When it was over 5 months 
It looked like an alien 
Oh , it seems a little bit early 
Yeah 
Are you going to do it ? The Provincial hospital definitely can do it 
I do n’t want to do it 
I do n’t even want to see if it ’s a boy or a girl 
[ Emoticon ] I guess it ’s a boy 
I like girls a lot 
It ’s already really good to have a healthy one , no matter whether it ’s a boy or a girl 
Yeah 
I ’m waiting for the surprise at last 
I ’m going to eat 
[ Go | 78 ] 
Eat well 
How is your condition ? Still feeling uncomfortable in your stomach and waist ? 
Sleepy 
I was just preparing to take a nap 
Take a nap if you feel sleepy , and then you will be more efficient . I can finish my work tonight . (( The other part is not urgent and is easy to check )) 
Hehe , I submitted it . Tonight I can relax 
That ’s great 
Let 's play with Tutu tonight 
Are you working overtime ? 
I just got through to that person who lives in Guanli . She is from the school finance department , and mistook me for another person 
(( Not adding )) 
I have reached Baoding . ( From QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
It is fine as long as you are safe . Pay attention to your alcohol consumption . Little Gao should not drink too much either . Girls should still be more careful . I plan to go home at noon and have a look 
She said she has never been drunk , drinking liquor is just like drinking water , maybe she was born with this enzyme 
Even so she should pay attention to her health . If she does not care about her health when she is young , she may suffer a lot when she is old . I think if it were Little Tutu , I ’d be unwilling to let her go out and drink along with others frequently 
Jia Yan must never ever drink 
Finished drinking ? Can you still speak ? [ Emoticon ] 
I can . I am on the way back to Beijing . ( From QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Hehe , I am missing you now 
Will you go home directly ? 
I can . I am very well ! 
I will get home at 5:00 . Just in time for you to go home with me . Get some rest on the way , and do n’t look at the mobile phone 
OK 
I will wait for you . Ask Jia Yan to drive slower . I am recalling last night ’s events , we must still pay attention to safety when we are out 
Do n’t worry . What happened yesterday night has already become a joke 
If one cultivates a state of “ sitting and watching the clouds ” in one ’s heart , we will be able to stay calm no matter what happens 
(( Do n’t strive for fame and gain )) 
Yeah , I am sleepy , and want to take a nap . ( from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Have a good rest 
If you are seated in the front row , fasten your seatbelt 
It ’s already fastened 
You are one half of my life , you must cherish yourself 
Do n’t worry , haha , I will live well .
Have you arrived ? 
I reckon I will get home at about six . ( From QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
[ 132057 ] Is there a traffic jam ? 
Or have you met any trouble on the way ? 
The traffic was a little congested upon leaving 
That ’s miserable ! Where are you now ? 
On the highway , and reaching Beijing soon , it is raining .
Will they send you home directly ? 
Yes .
See you soon 
The blood test has been done , and I am waiting for the results . ( From QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Tell me the results when they are available . Did she cry ? 
No , she was very calm .
Tutu was really great , I am proud of her . Make sure to praise her courage properly . This way , she will able to stay calm when she encounters setbacks in the future .
Thank you , Little Donkey , for shouldering so many burdens for the family [ emoticon ] 
It ’s only because I have you that my heart is full of happiness 
I am abashed ! 
I treat myself well , and you treat me extremely well , so I am perfectly well [ emoticon ] 
Sister Zhou ( from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
I am on the bus , harassing you for a little while , haha 
Miss me ? 
Yes 
How are you doing lately ? 
Still very busy ? 
I have been a little busy lately . Tired 
Yeah , I am a little better . I will stop Teacher Sun ’s work soon 
Will you finish Sun ’s work or have you given up ? 
I have given up 
The workload is too huge for me , and I ca n’t handle it 
Yeah , that ’s right . Do n’t be too hard on yourself 
Yeah . I will do what I can [ emoticon ] 
How is Doudou ? 
Pretty good . He is attending the upper class in kindergarten soon . [ emoticon ] 
And in a year , he will attend primary school [ emoticon ] 
Now it is especially easy to look after him . He knows how to do everything , and is not a rascal 
Makes one very delighted 
Haha , I 'm looking forward to being free from worry 
But he only listens to both of us , and does n’t care about others 
That will suffice 
In which month will Tutu go to the kindergarten ? 
September . I do n’t know whether she will be admitted or not . It belongs to the Ministry of Ordnance Industry 
Has n’t it been determined yet ? 
We are waiting for the news 
Oh 
I suddenly realized that Tutu has already celebrated her third birthday 
On the 16th 
Next time I will bring her some books suitable for children aged three to four 
Hehe , that ’s great . Thank you 
I also have some clothes for you 
Haha , great 
I lost a lot of weight lately , and my bust is gone : ( Need a breast augmentation , haha 
Seems that doing sit - ups might help a little 
I do n’t care anymore . In any case , I am [ flat - chested | Princess Taiping ] 
I seem to be a more serious case than you , mine are almost the same as my mom ’s 
My mom ’s has shriveled to nothing 
Let me have a look next time [ emoticon ] 
Haha 
By the way , when did the press allow [ QQ Instant Messenger | QQ ] logins ? 
Last year 
Oh , it is not easy 
But it does n’t allow us to chat 
Do you know anyone who wants to do Teacher Sun ’s work ? 
Full - time or part - time is fine 
I will ask around 
But I do n’t know exactly what it entails 
OK . It ’s for an English Editor 
Is it urgent ? 
Not too urgent . Take your time . A full - time English editor capable of project management is required 
The salary should be pretty good 
I can only find part - timers 
A part - time position includes things such as proofreading , translation , and checking 
What is the project ? 
Salary is paid on a monthly basis , They pay me two thousand a month . The pay may be adjusted according to the specific work assumed 
Kangsi English Program . Mainly for the development of English products for children aged 0 to 12 
Oh , let me think . There may be suitable candidates in the press , but I do n’t know whether they have the time 
Yeah . The work for that week is submitted on every weekend .
There is a time schedule 
Do you think the amount of work is huge ? 
How many hours will it take each day ? 
Teacher Sun ’s work is really cushy . She always does this during the daytime 
One hour a day , on average 
Oh , that is still alright 
Yeah . If one gets used to it , it should not take so much time each day . I have basically set up the template for her .
Teaching materials for kindergartens , done according to the semester 
OK , if I find a candidate , they will just do a handover with you ? 
Yeah . Just tell me how to contact them . When the time comes , I will ask Teacher Sun about how to hand over the work 
OK 
I have reached my stop 
I will get off first 
Then you have to get busy with work now , bye [ emoticon ] 
Those who are late today will be fined twenty yuan 
Go ahead and get busy with your work too 
I will go to the press this week or the next week 
I will notify you in advance 
OK , I will be waiting for you . It ’s best that you notify me one day in advance , so that I can prepare the clothes 
OK 
=Are you there ? 
I 'm probably going to Shanghai on July 6th 
How many days are you going to stay here ? 
5 days , I expect 
I 'm going to attend some classes 
I should have some time in the middle to slip away and go out with you 
So far it is only notified that the study location is in Shanghai , and the exact location has n't been set yet 
OK . Let 's keep in contact at all times 
Have you changed your cellphone number ? 
Mine is 1523 
The planned study period is July 6th - 10th 
My cellphone number has n't changed . I 've got yours as well now 
There 's a weekend in the middle , not bad 
Can you repeat that ? 
Let me see if what I 've saved is right or not 
It 's right 
Let 's contact each other by phone 
ok 
Darling 
Are you swiping [ China Guangfa Bank 's | Guangfa 's ] ? 
Yeah . Looks like it ca n't be swiped .
Yeah , the money from yesterday still has n't been paid 
I 'm booking a hotel in DC .
Oh .
But each time you swipe for a payment , =it will deduct 1 US dollar 
3 US dollars has already been deducted this morning 
Is that so ? 
Yeah 
There are credit card swipe fees 
Oh . In the past , Merchants Bank seemed to deduct these too , but it does n't appear on the bill .
Yeah . It can be changed into RMB now 
Why do n't you use [ Industrial and Commercial Bank of China 's | ICBC 's ] ? 
I reckon there may be [ a trick | cat grease ] . But why is it that it does n't deduct it sometimes ? 
By the way , did you receive a courier delivery at home ? 
Yeah , I received 4 deliveries 
Yeah . Then they should have all arrived .
OK , they arrived on the same morning 
Oh . Good .
[ Wood | Mutou ] , I may still buy a little more .
OK 
Should be delivered over there to Jinqiao . Is that convenient ? 
I 'll probably buy on Friday . You should be at his place by the time the courier delivery arrives .
Yeah , OK , I 'll ask him for the address later 
OK .
I just looked at [ Wikipedia | Wiki ] . Approximately on the first night when we get there , there is a Google sponsored reception .
OK 
In that case , we will go =play 
Play 
You have to bring a suit over .
Yeah , OK . I 'll bring it over 
Darling , I 'm logging off first . (( Got to log onto [ the company 's QQ instant messenger account | the company 's ] )) , got to find someone , something came up 
Yeah .
How much money can you earn this year ? 
3,000 
Tens of thousands ? 
Cao Yanqing told me today that she wants to resign 
Yeah , did n't you say she would be steady ? 
She said she is really embarrassed to apply for leave 
In that case , you should all consider this carefully 
I 'm in the midst of [ brainwashing | carrying out ideological work on ] a cashier here in Jinan 
Will see if she 's willing to go to Chongqing to be a cashier 
I feel that both places need to recruit . Why not calculate the economic accounts ? You ’ll spend at least 8,000 more annually to transfer one there 
The leaders may have their own ideas about this 
Have you seen the email that I wrote ? Recommending recruiting an accountant locally in Chongqing ? 
It ’s mainly because we have n't found a suitable one . If they are suitable , then it 's fine 
I have n't seen it 
I ’ll cc it to you 
Now if we can solve one problem , it ’s one problem less 
I really did n’t receive it 
Which day 's is this ? Let me check 
I just sent this morning 
Oh , I did n’t receive it 
When are the wages expected to [ be paid | have a show ] ? 
No idea 
I ’ve sent it to Zou 
Sigh . It 's no use sending it to him anyway . The most important thing is what time can Director Zhang pool the money together ? 
Very tight 
Did Director Zhang tell you about the employee recruitment matter in Chongqing ? 
Li Xuejun told me 
Are we starting to recruit , then ? 
Did n't they say to recruit one accountant ? 
Yes 
I 'm in the midst of [ brainwashing | carrying out ideological work on ] a young lady in the academy now 
Asking her to go to Chongqing to replace Cao Yanqing 
She will message me within these two days 
Did n't Dong Nanya say that she 's replacing her ? 
No 
That young lady is the academy 's cashier now 
She ca n't do accounting 
I told that to Dong Nanya =very clearly 
What she conveyed was n’t this meaning 
Cao Yanqing keeps calling me , is it about the resignation ? 
Should be 
She already told me 
Oh 
What do you think ? 
Accepting her resignation ? 
If she wants to go there 's nothing we can do about it . Moreover , given this kind of situation of hers , being here is no different from not being here , and it even affects work 
If she does n't go , it wo n’t actually be good to tell Director Zhang about the recruitment or the matter of sending people again 
Yeah , okay , what I meant was we must be in unanimous agreement 
Let her go 
Yeah , okay 
Have you gotten out of bed ? 
I have n't even slept yet . How come you are already up ? 
Has Teacher Chen been well lately ? I was going to ask Zhang Mingyue to get up just now . Your [ QQ instant messenger | qq ] avatar was together with his , I clicked wrongly , haha 
Okay . How are you ? 
I 'm with Xiao Ming and Zhang Ke now 
I 'll go =look for Zhang Mingyue later 
We 're all good 
Still discussing the matter of traveling to Turkey in October 
Oh , I 'm chatting with students from the first class that I taught . It 's been 20 years since they graduated .
I saw your mood 
Are there any surprises ? 
Most of the students are quite successful , and their families are very happy too . I have quite a sense of accomplishment .
Have you seen the picture ? 
Opening it now 
A bit slow 
30 students in the whole class . Most were there .
Are these all your students ? 
Yes .
It feels as if they are your colleagues 
Teacher , what is your secret for staying young forever ? Quickly share it with me 
I do n’t have any , I gained 6 catties here , depressing .
I 'm depressed too . I have n't put on any weight after coming here for so long . The ones putting on weight are all girls 
It 's a picture of my daughter in the United States . She just sent it to me .
So elegant 
Has she tried to get you a son - in - law who was made in the USA ? 
The studies are very hectic . Not yet .
Is this in Pennsylvania ? 
It 's in California , went to my friend 's place for a holiday .
Pennsylvania is very beautiful too . I have a lot of pictures .
California is a good place . You can go to Hollywood to see movie stars and look around Silicon Valley 
Gone to see them all . The US summer vacation is very long .
Have you gone to visit her ? 
I 'm going to attend her graduation ceremony in May next year .
Two - year course ? I recall she only went there last year 
Yes .
Studying for a PhD will even require 3 years .
Planning to study for a PhD then ? 
Her tutor suggested she should study for a PhD , but if she can find a dream job , she might work while she studies .
It ’s also good to look for a job first . It can reduce a lot of your burdens 
She can enjoy a full scholarship if she succeeds in applying for the PhD . The main thing is , as she gets older , her personal issue wo n't be easy to deal with .
Haha , age is no big deal abroad 
My previous manager is almost 30 and still does n't want to get married 
For girls , having academic qualifications that are too =high is n't necessarily a good thing sometimes .
Too high .
Men will have pressure . I understand 
Heh heh 
When will you come back to China for vacation ? 
I 'll be back during the New Year 
By that time all the relatives and good friends will be here 
It 's not easy to hold a gathering . Need to calculate the time well 
Will come to visit you when the time comes 
Okay , looking forward to it .
It certainly wo n't just be me by that time . It 'll definitely be a big group . Hope you can do a good job with reception , haha 
Reception is productivity 
Frank and straightforward 
Do n't blame me for [ being impolite to my elders | no senior , no junior ] in my speech , Teacher , hoho 
No problem . The students in that class all call me Big Boss or Older Brother Chen .
I 'm relieved then 
You 're meeting up with Zhang Yueming to watch the ball game , right ? Am I keeping you from that ? 
You have n’t kept me from anything . He ’s also urging me to go to his place =though 
Hoho 
Go take care of it then . Let ’s chat later on when there 's time .
Okay , it 's getting late then 
Teacher , rest early 
[ Emoticon ] [ Bye - bye , then | 886 ] 
The photo is magnanimous , the person is petty 
That 's not what I mean . You 're the kind of person that [ does n't reveal one ’s talents | does not show the mountain and reveal the water ] . I have really somewhat overlooked your value in the past .
No. You 've misjudged [ emoticon ] . I 'm one of your students who did n't live up to expectations . [ Emoticon ] 
Sister Xiaofang is at odds with me . In fact , I had very high hopes for you .
No objection , truly . It 's just that I did n't make enough effort , easily satisfied 
I think your current state is very good .
Quite headstrong in handling some matters 
Yes 
Honestly , what you said in the car yesterday made me feel very embarrassed . Indeed , I have been overly headstrong with some matters , and not generous enough . In fact , I did n't intend to hurt others . [ Emoticon ] 
I said it to you alone , how could you be embarrassed ? 
I was embarrassed at heart 
Shao also spoke about some of the details in this area in the car , which I was unaware of . That ’s why I told you it was mainly due to a lack of communication at that time 
Talking to me about this matter during tax inspection is very frustrating . Do n't bring it up anymore .
Why did n't he tell me about these things ? So it 's a lack of effective communication 
Regardless , thank you very much for reminding me . [ Emoticon ] 
Okay . [ Emoticon ] 
You do n't think a male teacher acting this way is a little gossipy , do you ? I really mean well .
Hahaha , of course not , only , is there a spy of yours among us ? [ Emoticon ] 
You know all of us [ emoticon ] 
No. I 'm actually a very detail - oriented person , you just have n't discovered it .
That 's true 
At our age , family happiness and kids growing up healthily are actually the most important . The past is a part of the beautiful memories that is worth our cherishing .
Yes . With the passing of time , the love we have for the other halves of our lives turns into affection , and the children , they are people from a previous existence with an affinity to us . So people should be thankful , content , and at the same time , tolerant .
Good night ! [ Emoticon ] 
[ Emoticon ] [ Bye - bye , then | 886 ] , have =a nice dream .
You still have n't rested ? =Sleep well ! [ Image ] 
Teacher Chen , you still have n't gone to rest even though its so late ? 
Soon , I had an engagement and just returned to Susong . Your Chinese name ? I have many qq friends . I do n't remember who is who .
I have n't contacted you in quite a while . I thought you would have forgotten me long ago .
I did n't 
I came back from Singapore and even went back to the school to find you , Teacher Deng said you were n't there 
However you never contacted me . I actually asked about you from classmates . There are not many first semester first year graduate students that contact me .
Not much later I then came to Yiwu , last year I did n't come home and also did n't have time to go to Wuhan 
I heard Teacher Deng say you went to Huangshi to work 
Oh , you 're also in Yiwu . I 've been to Yiwu many times . Doing business ? 
Studying foreign trade 
Yes , went to the mountains and countryside of Huangshi .
I 'm preparing to develop in this direction 
OK , trying many things is good 
Yeah , it is 
Are you adapting to things now 
Your little sister , Japanese class .
Here you generally come into contact with Middle Eastern clients , I see it as compensating for my regret of not going to Dubai , ha ha 
If you really wanted to go you would have gone already .
That is my older sister , she 's also here , but recently she went back to Wuhan , she 's going to return and get married 
Oh , so soon . You will also soon right .
Ha ha , what to say ? I am all right at the moment 
It 's too early for me 
When does Teacher Chen have time , we can go visit Egypt together 
See when those classmates have time and organize it 
It will be 2014 before I will have time , next year I am going to America to see my daughter . I am finally finishing my temporary position next year .
Oh , that 's good 
You will be even better in the future .
Which school is you daughter in America at ? My cousin is also there , however I heard that a while ago there was some incidents in the school and they all came back 
The University of Pennsylvania . In Philadelphia 
Oh 
It 's not early , get to rest early , I hope you are healthy , and everything goes as you wish ! When you have time to come to Yiwu contact me 
Manager Ye 
Are you there ? 
I will pass by Sanshang Shop when I get off work . Let me bring it to you , OK ? 
=Oh , OK , thank you .
You are welcome 
Did you have lunch together with your younger brother 
Yes 
He just left from here 
According to Manager Lu , he is a very outstanding person . He has been promoted to section chief of the propaganda department from a civilian , and he is so young ! 
He is now at the level of deputy section chief 
He relied on himself all the time instead of using connections 
He had good opportunities and luck . My brother is also down to earth 
Right 
Um . I may have to go visiting the factory department 
The level of deputy section chief is already very good . Nowadays , is there even a single civil servant who has never pulled a few strings and relied on some connections ? ! 
Ho ho , just so so 
I have found that your family members are all very outstanding . Either in the field of business or politics , they are all capable .
OK 
Manager Lu spoke highly of you again at the dinner table . You have taken good care of the old and young in your family in an orderly way 
He mentioned me again ? 
Those are just what I should do . I am supposed to do them well 
By the way , Manager Ye , you got full marks in all exams there . You do n't need to take any make - up exam 
Ho ho 
=Oh . Manager Lu also said that you had a higher education level than he did , so it was wasting your talent to let you manage internal affairs at home .
I do n't have much talent . I just feel I am OUT .
No. When I heard your report at the meeting , I could sense that you had a higher education level than Manager Lu . Hee hee .
What time do you get off work ? 
When I bring the mobile phone to the shop , will you go to pick up your child ? 
[ Come on | Where ] , you have overestimated me . I will go to pick up Meng Meng in a moment . You can bring it to the shop and hand it over to Yang Yang 
I wo n't arrive until around five o'clock 
OK 
Please give me more guidance on things I do n't understand at work in future 
Manager Ye , could you help to have a look at how many barrels of pure water there are in your shop ? How many empty barrels are there ? We are now changing the water . When the batch of fool water in your shop is finished , we will settle the payment with them 
After all , I am getting old , and I am very slow in absorbing new things . If I do not do well in some area during my work , please give more understanding [ emoticon ] 
It 's time . I am going out .
OK 
[ Come on | Where ] , I think you are doing a good job now . To be honest , since you had been working as a housewife for such a long time , I even wondered if you could adapt to it when you came back to work , and even as a shop manager . Now it seems that you are so capable ! 
OK 
OK 
Let Yang Yang report the pure water to me 
You are a woman who [ is both a successful career woman and a successful housewife | behaves well both in the kitchen and hall ] ! 
Be quick to pick up your child 
Manager 
Fangfang has n't come back yet 
She has n't come back yet 
Then , I 'll have to go in the =afternoon 
Afternoon 
Okay 
She is coming back right away 
She is on her way back 
Um 
Good 
Thank you 
You 're welcome 
Thank you ! I ca n't believe that you go back again already~~~ 
Everything is fine~ 
Um , pj told you . Did he like your bookmark ? Pj is not human . He was actually admitted by five elite schools ! Too capable ! 
That 's right ! However , he deserves it ! He works so hard ! 
Exactly . He is not a 4.0 geek , is he ? 
Basically , he is !!! 
Besides , he 's in our specialty 
Oh , okay , so capable . I failed to recognize a person of eminence before 
Haha , did you treat him well before ? 
However , I had not imagined that little Japan is so excellent 
Haha 
Hahaha , are the bloodlines of the Asians the same as the Jews' or did they evolve a little more fully than they did ?~~ 
Are they smarter than the Jews ? 
They are about the same . What do you think ? 
The Jews are more famous , the so and so big director and the creator of facebook etcetera 
If the Asians also had better opportunity to come out to see the world earlier , our confidence might explode if we compared them with the yellow hair people closely . That would be too scary . That 's why the Heaven slowed us down . Oh haha 
All right , you gave me confidence . I have to go offline now . Go to bed early and take care 
Are you there ? 
Which piece of clothing is yours ? 
Just the first one 
For the film studio , we ca n’t get the photos until two months later 
I ’ll let them make copies for me as a present 
The one which bares your shoulders is pretty 
Is that one yours ? 
Yeah 
I have n’t seen you wearing it 
In fact , the color is rose . I changed the color 
It ’s a piece of clothing I normally wear and is n’t maternity clothes . It ’s too tight for me to wear now 
That piece of clothing is very pretty 
I ’ll send it over to you 
I ca n’t wear it 
Your clothes are all too tight for me 
If you think it ’s too small , you can use it as a top 
I borrowed some clothes from Little Sheng 
I can wear hers 
If you need it , I ’ll have my partner send it to your work unit 
You do n’t need to 
Did you take your leave ? 
I took it , but I have n’t checked my Haitian mailbox for a long time . I just send Ma Yanxue an email 
I took a look online yesterday 
The stuff for babies 
Duoduoyun does n’t cover the shipping fee 
How come I think the shipping fee might be very expensive ? 
I ’ve bought a lot , but I have n’t received them 
Was the shipping fee expensive ? 
The =purchase was over 700 and the shipping fee was over 30 
That ’s okay 
From Duoduoyun ? 
Right 
I ’m thinking about waiting longer 
Have you received them ? 
How is the quality ? 
I have n’t . It has been quite a few days since we took them but they have n’t sent them yet 
Is it because there is too much stuff ? 
Over 20 kinds 
I bought a little monk clothes at the foreign trade store in front of my work unit - the material is really good 
It ’s only 10 RMB 
Is it long - sleeved or short - sleeved ? 
Long - sleeved 
Do the top and pants separate or is it a one - piece ? 
There is only a top 
The kind for newborns to wear 
I ’m going downstairs now 
Okay 
Manager 
When are we going to write work logs 
Is Manager Zhang there ? 
I have reported the log format to her 
She has not provided any instructions 
She did not come 
Let 's wait until Manager Zhang finalizes the format before writing 
In fact , I am not willing to write at all 
So I have been postponing it for a long time 
But Manager Zhang keeps mentioning this matter . It 's difficult to postpone it much longer 
I do n't even know how to write a work plan 
I can write the work description 
Work plan ? I do n't have a plan for my work in the first place 
I just improvise 
No , you do n't need to write a plan 
Just clearly write down what you were doing in each time period 
Each time 
[ God | Faint vegetables ] 
Take my work as an =example . I only dealt with two matters this morning 
There seemed to be only two 
But they were tripartite negotiations 
Me and the manufacturer , the customer service and I , and the customer service and the customer 
Moreover , it always takes them half a day to reply 
Would n't it be that I have the lowest efficiency ? 
Ha - ha 
This is OK .
You are not required to be busy for the entire eight hours 
The problem is that I have to think about filling out the log before I do anything . This is very troublesome 
Can I just mutter to ask , 
is n't it a waste of paper ? 
Are n't we supposed to be resource - saving ? 
Um , um 
Manager Lu required so . Perhaps the survey of everyone 's work saturation is more important than the resource - saving 
It is also a basis for personnel reduction 
My younger brother would like to go , thanks~ 
Back then I applied directly . The one I went to was the University of Manchester . Tuition plus living expenses for a year was approximately [ two hundred thousand | 20w ] . But prices seem to have risen now . Is there still 2+ 2 currently ? 
How did you apply ? When filling out your aspirations , do you have to specially indicate it , or do you have to specially declare it after you enroll in the school ? 
Thanks 
Sorry , just got disconnected 
In that case , are the diplomas issued by both universities of North China Electric Power and the UK , or just North China Electric Power ? 
Is the UK one a university diploma or just an exchange and learning kind ? 
Thank you~ 
Then is this diploma issued by the UK recognized by China 's Ministry of Education ? 
If I have credits at the university =in the UK and want to apply =again for overseas graduate studies , do I still need to be tested for [ Graduate Record Examination ( GRE ) | gre ] ? 
Long time no see 
Are you sure this was sent to me ? 
Yea 
I just got back from a business trip 
Not happy 
Not that 
That 's good 
Anything new ? 
Nothing 
The pressure has been gone for a long time 
Oh ? 
You did n't contact him ? 
No 
I 'll call him tomorrow 
He 's busy watching the European Cup for sure 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
A couple of days ago I went to see our former thermal control director again 
He said that prices for power network videos have now been pushed down really low 
Even prices none of them dare believe have appeared 
When prices are low , you have to deal with it in a way appropriate for low prices . It 's sufficient to use domestically produced products , and the results are more or less the same 
In that case , when can you come over ? 
OK 
Hmm 
It 's good for me to come only when there is a project on 
We do n't definitely have a project on right now 
You could come over to make friendly contact in advance 
I 'm here , Manager Chen 
Zhang Qiang 
Are you there ? 
The artificial stone in the ladies ' room on the fourth floor here has dropped again 
=Oh , let Sun Xiaowen glue it up on Monday 
Is the artificial stone broken ? 
It 's not broken 
=Oh , then it will be fine to let him glue it up 
OK . You organize him to come and glue it up for me when he has some time 
OK 
Thank you 
All right , I will do so 
Thank Sun Xiaowen in advance 
Has Manager Zhuang been to the office today ? 
No 
I have n't seen him . Maybe he has n't come yet 
Is he back ? 
I have already forgotten had you not mentioned it 
Um 
It is screwed . Manager Lu will be angry again if he knows about this 
I 'll give him a call again to ask about you 
The call is ended 
He is not answering the phone again 
What do you say we should do ? 
I suppose he did not come 
Is n't Manager Zhuang a bit odd ? He 's been like this again and again . No wonder that Manager Lu will get angry 
When he called me that day , he asserted so clearly , saying that he would not [ work | play ] with the company any longer , and would come to resign at the end of the month 
Who says he is not ! 
He is such a person that has really annoyed me 
It 's bothering me for one month 
I called to tell him as early as the beginning of June 
After all , he is still nowhere in sight 
I do n't even dare to tell Manager Lu about this thing 
Ho ho , alas , 
Are you there ? 
Will Wang Lu go to the office building on Monday ? 
=Oh , OK 
Um 
Not necessary 
It will be fine as long as the handover is completed 
Where do you live ? 
Next Monday morning , you go to the company to receive the work log notebook first . OK ? 
I will go to Sanshang Shop after work , and let Lu Ying help me bring my work log books there 
I do n't follow you 
Where is Lu Ying now ? 
=She is not in the office building , right ? I will ask her to help me receive them . After work , she will go to Sanshang Shop as well , so I will let =her bring them there for me 
Do I need to write all ? 
I 'm also going to Sanshang Shop after work 
Just let me =bring them there for you 
bring 
How many are there on your side ? 
Yes 
7 
Right 
7 ? 
Thank you 
OK . I 'll bring them to Sanshang Shop for you after work 
You are welcome 
-- Oh !! I 'm here ! Do you have instructions for me ? ? 
Are you there ? 
Gao Wei ? 
Manager Gao 
Oh !!!Am I also handling the salary from now on ? ? [ expression ] 
I 'll give you the performance pay commission method currently implementing in the Zaozhuang Sanshang store 
Oh --- It scared me !! 
I do n't know ! 
You do n't need to 
Do it 
However , you need to know how they get their commission 
Oh 
and what your commission is 
Do you know ? 
You take 1.2 times the average performance salaries of the three store managers 
Oh -- then please send it to me -- Let me look at it first !! 
Who assigns the tasks ? 
There is no need to assign tasks at the Tai'erzhuang Sanshang store in the first two months . Starting from the third month , it will be the same as the Zaozhuang Sanshang store . Sales tasks for the following month will be assigned on every 25th of the month 
Oh 
I believe the Finance will communicate with you in the assignment of tasks 
Thank you 
You 're welcome 
Something else ! Is there any change to my basic salary ? 
No 
Okay 
Teacher Chen , go try some medication after listening to the story . It is also good for treating toothaches . Usually sitting still for half an hour is enough 
Is there anything to be particular about ? 
Toothaches are usually caused by internal heat . Meditation can replenish kidney essence and reduce internal heat . Sit cross-legged like a monk to unblock meridians of the whole body 
Oh , you 've studied quite a bit . [ emoticon ] 
Heh heh . Learned it by reading books for no particular reasons when I have nothing to do . I do n't know if it 's suitable for your symptoms or not 
Bitter melon does n't taste good but it has an effect . Now it does n't hurt as much .
Bitter melon clears the heat and its detoxifying 
Has work been busy lately ? 
Kids are going on vacation . What are your arrangements ? 
I ’m a little busy . There are reviews , inspections , and a pile of chores every day 
The girl will be on holiday the day after tomorrow 
Arrange the kid 's life more fully . Make good use of every vacation .
My sister will take her to Inner Mongolia next week 
I 've been arranging plans for her for the past two days 
You can broaden her vision by letting the kid see more things . It 's good .
The kid has grown . Does n't really listen to us sometimes . Has her own big ideas 
You should guide her more . Kids at this age are still quite dependent on their parents 
Yes . When I ’m talking to her , she listens to me like she ’s impressed . When she does it , she only does things [ partially | in discount ] 
Rest early . [ Emoticon ] 
Good night ! 
[ Bye - bye | 886 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Xiaoyan 's son is really great at studying 
Hmm 
I heard 
He now has myopia of over 400 degrees . I joke with her that when =her son has finished senior high school , he will also =be 1,000 degrees like her 
will also be 
Her eldest son ranks second in the whole grade 
Many children already wear glasses in the first or second grade 
There 's great pressure on the children to study 
Yes .
A minimum score for admission into Renjia Road Junior High School even requires 647 points 
Children nowadays are all being forced to become child prodigies 
Pretty lady , your feet have swollen very badly 
Exactly 
It ’s quite uncomfortable 
So very frightening 
Is because there is too much amniotic fluid ? 
No idea 
It ’s also possible that my body is too heavy , causing constriction 
How many catties now ? 
Over 160 now 
Are you busy ? 
Hehe , a little 
Are you at work ? 
When you have time , can you give me a recommendation on what sort of electric rice cooker I should buy ? The one I had before is broken 
I think my family 's electric rice cooker is a Midea 
I bought it in Wuhan Zhongbai Chain Warehouse 
Right 
Can I buy on the Internet ? 
You can have a look on Taobao Mall 
I heard they are genuine products there 
How much did you buy it for ? 
I do n't remember 
It was a long time ago 
The quality was okay ? 
Not bad 
We 've used it for several years 
Oh . In that case , I 'll buy that one too 
Thanks 
Hehe 
I do n't know what model it was 
It was a long time ago 
However , I 'd recommend you to buy a better one 
That 's right . The one I had before was no good . I think I used it for about one year 
I should only buy an electric rice cooker for more than 500 yuan , right ? 
Thanks . You must be busy , and I do n't want to hold you up 
I think mine was over 300 
I do n't remember exactly 
OK , thanks 
Are you there , Sister ? 
Yes 
This is my résumé 
OK 
Fine 
I 'll take a look 
Are n't you reasonably good at writing ? 
Can you add some detail on that ? 
My writing skills are OK 
Are they seeking to recruit people with good writing skills ? 
Not really 
There are more opportunities if you have good writing style 
What positions are they recruiting for ? 
There are both technical and planning staff positions available 
Is your work unit recruiting for them externally ? 
What does " external recruitment " mean ? 
Inviting external applications for a job 
I do n't think that 's very important 
It 's a job on the permanent staff 
Is n't that important ? 
Graduate recruitment is now all handled by the personnel center , 
which is different from how we did it before 
It all used to be the same 
That 's the same as how it used to be in Shenzhen 
It 's like this now everywhere 
Nowadays it 's all done by external assignment of a human resources company 
Does it matter ? 
Our family members ca n't get in either 
It 's now very hard to get into formal work at the good work units 
That is n't considered temporary work either 
Just a contract =signed every few years 
Let 's see what happens and discuss it then 
I 've heard that you can get a certificate once you 've finished your oral defense . Is that right ? 
The degree certificate ? 
Graduation certificates , I think . One has to be issued at a big meeting , and the other is issued right after you 've finished your oral defense .
The timing should be more or less the same . The confirmation of employment wo n't be issued until next March 
It looks like they give out the graduation certificates once you 've finished your oral defense 
If you 've got it , post it on the Internet so that I 'll have a look 
Liu Limin can have an oral defense only in September , and I 'll show you when the time comes , hehe 
Uh , you are not Liu Limin , 
you 're Xiaoliang 
Haha , that 's right 
Hehe 
1460773087 , Liu Limin 's qq number 
But that 's the QQ number in our PhD English class , 
She uses mine to log - in 
If any male classmates leave messages for Liu Limin , wo n't they have left them for you ? Haha 
I 've been monitoring all the time 
Christ , I 'll have to tell them not to leave silly messages 
How is the one who was interviewed yesterday ? 
So - so 
General Zhang came to interview one the other day , and he was not satisfied . He said to hire one locally in Chongqing 
I asked Chen Shaojia to tell Xu Xueyan 
How is our recruitment , really ? 
Who is in charge after all ? 
I do n’t know either 
I feel like it ’s a mess 
I also feel like it ’s quite messy 
Li Xuejun also told me , Chen Shaojia also informed the human resource department later , and General Zhang also sent a text 
It ’ would be all right if we could hire one now 
Little Cao has been hospitalized again 
Originally , I was wondering whether to let her go over to settle accounts with Dong Nanya 
Who will assume the risk of hiring in Chongqing 
There is no such thing about who assumes it – it ’s not one ’s relatives 
Moreover , how much money could we have here ? For such little money , it ’s not worth damaging one ’s own life 
This is hard to say . It ’s hard to say even if there are no big problems but small problems 
I 'm not at the computer . What are you busy with ? 
I 'm not on the computer . Helping the girl practice her instrument ( From QQ Mobile : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
Learning the piano . Good .
Violin . She has to take the grading test , [ making a frantic last - minute effort | =embracing the Buddha 's feet ] [ emoticon ] 
An elegant art , and it can develop intelligence at the same time . It 's a very good interest to cultivate .
How many years has she been practicing ? 
Did you hire a professional teacher ? 
It 's been six years , taking the test for Grade Eight this year .
Awesome . [ emoticon ] 
She can perform by herself now .
Which tune is she the best at ? 
Still playing in group recitals . The little girl is unwilling to make the effort to practice 
Having a special ability is an important [ advantage | weight ] in future competition . It will be useful .
Must be a bit stricter when it 's time to be strict . In doing something you must accomplish it .
I said this to her as well . Today I grabbed her to play for three hours 
I can be very ferocious when I 'm strict .
I must learn from you [ emoticon ] 
The two of us still have a lot of similarities . That 's why we hit it off .
Children 's education is really an area of major learning 
I believe you are definitely a good father . You 'll be more successful than me .
Haha , the girl is about to reach the rebellious period , a little difficult to deal with now .
Show more concern , and communicate frequently . [ Apply the carrot and stick approach | use kindness and power together ] .
[ Emoticon ] , children nowadays are [ devilishly clever | ghost spirit ] , you have to fight a battle of wits and courage to succeed 
A child 's social experience is limited after all . It 'll be easy to deal with her once you have grasped her personal characteristics .
You must absolutely never compromise on matters of principle . After she has adapted to it , there are some things that she knows she must obey .
Yes .
I ca n't finish eating such a large watermelon . If you were here , we could share it . Haha . It 's very sweet .
Haha , I just finished eating one .
Ningbo is next to the sea , not as hot as Wuhan , right ? It 's already 36 degrees today .
It 's been very hot these few days . It was 38 degrees Celsius in the city center yesterday , 39 degrees Celsius today . The seaside is slightly cooler , the city center is hot .
Ah , it 's already 39 degrees Celsius . Huangshi is still not that hot . The 3 dog days of summer have n't arrived yet .
Yes . I 'm hoping the typhoon will come and cool down the temperatures 
What I dislike most is summer . Nothing I can do about it , and I also happen to live in a [ extremely hot city | furnace city ] .
In recent years , Ningbo 's weather has become hotter and hotter .
United States does n't get this hot , right ? 
For outdoors , aside from the temperature itself , there is also the heat emitted by the air - conditioning .
Danlei said that she 's also installing air - conditioning . The landlord did n't install air - conditioning in the house she 's living in now . I reckon it wo n't be much better .
I 'm not holding you up by chatting with you , am I ? I am alone in the dorm ? 
That 's still cooler than us here then 
The landlord 's failure to install air - conditioning shows that it 's still fine , but Danlei was previously in an air - conditioned environment together with us for a long period , so she is also used to having an air - conditioned environment in the summer .
You have nurtured Danlei so outstandingly 
Planned early on to send the child to the U.S. after graduating from college . But it wo n't do if she is too young . I specifically asked a Chinese professor at the University of Liverpool in England . Going abroad to attend graduate school after graduating from undergraduate studies was the advice he gave me .
Get Danlei to give the [ girl | Y head ] a lesson when there 's an opportunity . Let her have a goal 
Danlei will return home for the winter vacation . When the time comes , arrange for your whole family to come to Wuhan for vacation . I 'll make the travel arrangements for you .
OK 
Do you have annual leave ? 
Yes , but every year the supervisors never go on vacation , so we also feel embarrassed to go on vacation 
=Spare a week 's time , we 'll go around Wuhan , and then go and soak in the hot springs in Xianning . It 's very good there .
It 's better to be a teacher . They have two vacations 
[=Gosh | =short oil ] , my temporary assignment has n't finished yet , but I should be able to coordinate and arrange one week 's time .
Work pressure for temporary assignment should n't be too great , right ? 
It 's all right , the government knows that you 're not staying long , so they also wo n't pressure you with a very heavy load .
The time period for Hubei temporary assignments is long . It 's usually half a year for Zhejiang ( From QQ Mobile : http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
Yes . They 're all like this and nothing can be done . Why did I choose temporary assignment ? You can look at my online space .
Younger Brother Shao Kai , rest early . Sweet dreams . [ emoticon ] [ Bye , bye | 886 ] 
Good night . I 'm still enjoying your article 
Look at the role reversal .
I saw it , it 's not easy 
Qiong , are you there ? 
Qinghua is asking when we are going to Guangdong 
I 'm here 
It should be for three days -- the 20th , the 21st , and the 22nd 
If possible , we are leaving on the 19th , in the afternoon 
What 's your schedule ? 
It makes no difference to me . Any time after the 16th is fine 
Where are we going to have some fun ? 
Chime - long 
I only have three days available 
I will ask for one day off , in addition to the two days at the weekend 
OK 
Are we planning to go anywhere else as well ? 
Just Chime - long ? I also want to go pick some lychees 
OK 
It should be close - by 
Feng and Qinghua , and Xiaohua , 
are definitely coming , right ? 
Fang said last time she would reconsider whether to go or not according to who was going .
How about scheduling the lychee - picking for Sunday ? That way , everyone would have time , and the Guangdong classmates could try their hardest to get together 
OK 
Hmm 
Um , OK 
It would be best to leave on the 19th 
It 's very easy to get to the high - speed railway in Wuhan 
Once it has been decided , I 'll go and twist their arms again [ emoticon ] 
I 'm taking the train on Thursday evening 
and arriving early on Friday 
Hmm 
Taking the train in the evening , she will go to sleep and wake up upon arrival , with no worries at all .
=But it 's harder for adults 
In that case 
I 'll probably go there after leaving work , and will get to Guangzhou around 11 o'clock in the evening 
Let 's go back into the group and twist their arms 
Hmm 
Qinghua was just asking about this 
Qiong , do people all wear a swimming suit when going to the waterpark ? 
So fat ! Geez [ emoticon ] 
You have to wear one 
The whole day ? 
No 
Half a day is enough 
Oh 
Yin , bargain hunt for a sun protection top 
Look for one for me along with it 
Too much sun exposure 
OK , what type do you want ? 
and one that can also cover the body 
Any you like 
It 'll be fine as long as it looks nice 
There is that gauze scarf type 
And there is also that clothing type 
Ha . I 'll get my colleague to help me find one first , and if there is a nice - looking one , I 'll then send you a link to look at 
Hmm 
Is Huiying coming along also ? 
Let 's invite her to come along 
She wo n't go . I 've spoken to her 
At the beginning of the year , her husband was constantly undergoing treatment for illness in Guangdong , and =maybe she does n't want to go and recollect that 
Once she gets there , she will again call to mind things that happened there previously , and I guess this is the reason 
This is what my colleague sent me 
Have a look 
Oh 
There is also that gauze scarf type , 
which is also very beautiful 
You can tie one on casually 
[ emoticon ] I will look for one again this afternoon 
Something has come up right now [ emoticon ] 
Yin , that sun protection top is also OK 
You can only wear the gauze scarf one in the waterpark 
It 's normally too hot for it . You can wear it along the way 
Ha . When I 've got time , I 'll have another look . There 's no rush . There are still so many days left .
Hmm 
Geez . I ca n't find my key 
I 'm looking for it 
Look for it slowly 
Do we all have to go in the water ? 
You do n't have to go in 
Children can also have fun there 
I just looked at the date , and last month I had Aunt Flo 's visit on the 18th [ emoticon ] 
Ah 
Then it 's fine if you do n't go in the water 
You can just have fun by the side 
How exactly could I have fun ? It would be very tiring to do that . Do we definitely have to go in this time period ? 
Otherwise , it has to be in August 
The 28th and 29th ? 
There are classes then 
or I could contact the teacher 
Are they attending classes with other people ? It would n't be easy to change that 
I 'll ask the teacher 
There should n't be a big problem 
I 'll ask the teacher on Sunday 
They have classes on Sunday 
I 'll see when I 'll have my period this month . It would be better to have it on the 16th [ emoticon ] 
That would n't be convenient either 
and it would also be hot 
also taking the children along 
Really tiring 
Yes , having that really saps your vigor .
Never mind 
We can just change the timing ourselves 
Ha . You 've already mentioned it to your colleague 
She would like us to go in August 
She also gives up her kid 's class 
Roughly when will it be in August ? 
and just wants to let the children play together 
I do n't know when she 
I wonder if there are any lychees left in August 
Never mind . There are n't any left right now either 
Qinghua said there would n't be much in the way of yields this year 
Are there no lychees left right now ? 
Ah 
Very few . She said she thought there would n't be any even by the 22nd 
Ah 
Yesterday she said she wanted us to go over to Shenzhen on the 22nd , and she would arrange for us to go to the seaside and have some fun for a day . How do you feel about that ? 
August 10th - 12th 
OK . We 'll just go in August 
There are still classes in the first week of August 
We 'll be together with class 6 then 
OK 
Ha . It should be fun 
Our colleagues ca n't wait for it 
That should be OK 
But I do n't know them very well 
It 's more exciting with more people 
Anyhow , they are all from the same year 
When are they going to get together ? 
They wo n't just in those two days , will they ? 
You will know at least some of them , and in addition Yuxiang , Xiehua , Zhihua , and Qinghua will all be there 
They are also going then 
Are Yuxiang and Xiehua really still going ? 
Niu 's in Shenzhen . It would be impossible for him not to go 
If we go in August , I 'll complete the forms and report the taxes earlier 
Hmm 
OK 
Let 's go in August 
OK . It 's more exciting when there are more people [ emoticon ] Let 's go and spend a day amusing ourselves in Shenzhen .
OK 
We 'll come back from Shenzhen 
Go to Guangzhou first , and then to Shenzhen 
OK 
Our colleague will be together with us in August 
She said she will definitely come with me 
[ emoticon ] OK 
Let 's have fun together 
It 's exciting with a lot of people 
Qiong , Zhihua said there is a humanities get - together from August 11th to the 12th 
Haha 
He wants us to rush over on the afternoon of the 11th , he will arrange it for us 
There are many events on 
Well , we can go and meet them 
But it would n't be suitable for us to take our children there to attend it , right ? 
We can go to sea and have a barbecue with them on the 12th 
There 'll be many people there from our class 2 
The class monitor , Niu , Xiehua , Qinghua , and Zhihua , 
and Bingbing 
Including us , that makes ten people 
Haha 
That sounds like fun 
[ emoticon ] Zhihua has just called me , saying he wants us to go over on the afternoon of the 11th so that he could arrange it for us 
Hehe 
Have you signed up ? 
Hmm 
For the No. 3 Middle School attached to the Wuhan Iron and Steel Corp ? 
I 'm paying the fees on the 16th 
24,000 
Hehe 
For the Experimental Middle School attached to the Wuhan Iron and Steel Corp 
I will actually have to pay double 
The No. 3 Middle School is a senior high school 
I 'll tell you two websites that are quite =useful . You probably know them : jiazhang100 . com and eduu . com 
What 's good about them ? 
Let 's hear it 
Hehe , of course 
Oh 
There 's a lot of information on them about educating children , 
There is also a lot of information posted by well - informed parents , all of which is very accurate , and there are some community activities also 
OK 
I will get online and have a look 
Do I need to register ? 
I know them 
You do n't know them ? 
I have n't really visited them 
You can choose not to register 
Oh 
My colleague told me 
OK 
Thanks 
I personally feel they 're really useful 
No need to be polite ! Good things ought to be shared ! Hehe 
However , the jiazhang100 . com website is down for system maintenance and upgrading , and if you want to go on it now , it 's on its (( temporary hosting place )) http : / / www . jiazhangyun . cn / 
Is it a Wuhan website ? 
Hmm 
Correct 
Hmm 
Two websites . Look at them when you have time [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] I must get on with my work 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
The remittance has been received , a message was reportedly left on my [ QQ Instant Messenger | Q ] 
Who said your head is round again ? Haha 
Are you coming home for dinner tonight ? 
I will eat at home 
Let ’s go for a walk outside tonight 
The weather is nice 
OK 
I am grading examination papers , and my eyes are blurred from all that grading . I have submitted the article 
Send one to Qin and Old Jing . I need it tomorrow . The product will be delivered as soon as you fill it in 
Forget it , ignore them . They are all busy , and have [ no time | no kungfu ] to respond to this matter ( from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
How about your company ? There are still two vacancies 
Actually , I can help to fill in Old Qin ’s , I know all the information 
I am having a meeting outside . Wait until tomorrow .
OK 
Someone just came and gave me a camera 
It ’s a Canon 
Hehe , are you handing it over to the company ? 
I wo n’t hand it over 
None for Qin 
There is still 100g silver 
Hoho , you are in good mood ! I just finished grading examination papers , so I can eat now . Have a good meal . Go see a doctor in the afternoon 
Tian Ye is here 
I will treat him to lunch 
OK .
Remember to find two colleagues to fill in the forms , and send them to me today 
Which age range of children do you want ? 
1 - 3 
You can think about ordering tickets for me now . We entered the peak travel season recently , and ticket prices have all gone up . It appears that it costs full price to go to Shenzhen .
Ask that Comrade Guo something or other to help me check when there will be low - price discounted tickets , and book them first .
I want a ticket for the morning of April 11 
Returning on the night of the 12th 
OK 
Efficiently busy , and still you remembered to serve [ Old Rabbit | Lao Tutu ] . Good fellow [ emoticon ] 
Make sure to get special - price tickets 
It is too early now 
No special - price tickets are offered a month in advance 
I am going to see the doctor 
You have the experience , and I feel at ease handing it over for you to manage . However , do n’t get too busy and forget to let me know after you have seen the doctor 
I got the first payment for the article 
Have n’t the forms been completed ? 
Are you back from seeing the doctor ? 
Is it OK ? 
Why is the baby ’s name and birth date missing ? The content in Sheet 1 
Press the leftward arrow 
It ’s still missing after I pressed it 
[ Oh God | Faint ] 
If you do n’t believe it , try it yourself 
It showed up this time 
Good morning , darling . I already boarded the plane . ( from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Is the plane taking off soon ? I just went to a restaurant for a meal 
Yeah , it is starting to taxi . I must turn off the mobile phone .
You are so early today ? I already had breakfast and am going to a meeting ( from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
How did you sleep last night ? Thank you , Little Donkey , for working so hard for me last night 
The Word documents are basically ready . I will lecture from 2:00 to 3:30 
OK , you wo n’t have a problem . You are my wife , are n’t you ? 
Hehe , with your support , I have sufficient confidence 
Tutu said that she misses dad many times last night and this morning . I said I would send a text message to let you know , she readily said : OK ! 
You have started your lecture , and I have arrived at the airport . The flight is at three o’clock . Arriving in [ Beijing | the capital ] at five o’clock , and I reckon I will reach home at six - thirty ( from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
I have landed . Have you finished your lecture ? How was it ? ( from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Haha , God blesses Tutu ’s happy mom and dad eternally . Not bad 
Master , what is that ? 
The Buddhist photo of your Master 
Ha - ha 
It is a little different from my =imagination .
What is the difference ? 
I ca n't say clearly 
I suppose that Master should be very lean 
Ha - ha 
I am not lean 
Is that a son ? 
Or a daughter ? 
Son 
Ho ho 
Master is different from what I have imagined 
It seems that I have seen a photo before 
Was I very young ? 
There was a little difference from this one 
Um 
Young 
I have to get busy now , [ bye | 8 ] 
[ bye | 8 ] 
It 's best not to be so centralized 
There are two more that I shall seek from outside 
I worry that if some groups are too centralized , their opinions wo n’t offer a broad overview . : ) 
Hehe , I had originally thought people in the agency might be better qualified to offer expert opinions 
That 's reasonable 
There are two more that I shall seek from outside 
Okay 
Okie dokie . I 'm waiting to get off work and try on clothes 
Haha 
Right , I met Zhang Lixin 's husband before . That one is Li Jiangtao . I thought I had n't seen him before 
Hehe , I only found out myself over a year ago 
Ah , you 're too [ slow to catch on | belated awareness ] as well 
I always knew his name was Li Jiangtao 
I did n't know what he looked like 
Looks to be a real leadership model , haha 
Hehe , I 'm not keen on people 's private business 
Are you wearing those two black waist belts ? 
I 'm not wearing them 
Oh , I wanted to buy a small thin waist belt once 
I did n't buy it , haha 
When you fasten it , perhaps it will look nice too 
The loose version 
Have n't tried it before 
Yeah , cylindrical shape [ emoticon ] 
I 've always worn fitted clothes 
A thin bamboo tube 
I 'm not used to wearing particularly fitted clothes now 
Feels like I 'm bound too tightly everywhere , it ’s uncomfortable [ emoticon ] 
But I found that fitted still looks better than loose - fitting 
http://blog.sina.com.cn/bjsanshi Now I mainly buy [ T - Eterno apparel | T - Eterno ] and [ Redhero apparel | Redhero ] 
Your taste has greatly improved [ emoticon ] 
Ha , mainly because my figure is not what it used to be 
Then in the past few years , I have been crazy about cotton items 
Oh , I could n’t tell 
I ’m starting to enjoy life 
In the past I did n't like clothing to be =untidy 
Tidy 
Now many of the things I buy are not regular 
There are those with rough edges , and those with left - right asymmetry , haha 
Asymmetry is trendy this year 
I 'm still old - fashioned . I like conforming to the norms of society 
Sometimes I think , if I wear this , wo n't it mean that I 'm getting older ? 
Last time I wore a very loose - fitting outfit , some colleagues commented that I looked like a textile worker [ emoticon ] 
At this age you 've just begun to understand how to dress yourself appropriately , you will gradually get better 
At my age 
You and I are the same age 
Hoho , we both are a generation apart 
The latter half of the 70's can still be a generation apart ? 
Then I 'm 4 generations apart from those born after 1990 
Hoho , several years is a generation . I only started to learn the ways to dress during these past two years too 
Redhero clothing is pretty good 
I did n't think so before 
I always felt their clothing was very disorganized 
Now I find a lot in there which actually suits me rather well 
You 've been wearing it for many years , do you feel that their style is changing ? 
I 've also just begun to buy from their store this year . Last year I gave you a black striped belt dress . I did not like it in the past , feeling that the style was too ethnic . There has been a big change this year . It 's more fashionable now 
Did n't you already buy several thousands of yuan worth ? 
I remember that you bought a lot in the past 
Yes . It was only just a few pieces in the past . I bought a lot this year 
Normally , Classmate Miao always feels that I 'm [ burning money | burning wallet ] , but each time he sees you giving me clothes , he says : Sister Zhou can really [ burn money | burn ] ! [ emoticon ] 
Hehe , I am the one who burns the most money among all the money - burning Aries people 
Haha 
Is there still a must =buy for you each week ? 
Basically it ’s a must =buy each month 
Then you 're a lot more moderate now [ emoticon ] 
I basically go shopping once every season . Usually it 's a small =buy , so it ’s not counted , ha 
I still =buy online , but more from the shopping mall now 
I have n't shopped online for a long time . I have been terribly busy lately 
No time to visit the shopping mall either 
I ’m mainly in [ T - Eterno apparel | T - Eterno ] at Zao Jun Miao .
I 'm afraid that T - Eterno does n't suit me 
Yeah . I also pick things which are suitable for me in their store . Some things I feel are too rugged , which I ca n't stand 
Those chosen by me are still rather feminine . A feminine basis coupled with a bit of elegance .
Your self - esteem is still pretty high [ emoticon ] 
By the way , help me look for that editor assessment file 
Okay 
Do you want it like this ? 
Let me have a look 
Sister Zhou , it 's not this file 
I want the editor assessment file 
There does n't seem to be one , I only saw the form 
Editor hierarchical management and whatnot 
I remember there was one before 
What I saw seemed to have been a printed copy 
We had one in the past , but not after the OA edition revision 
Oh 
OK 
I 'll help you look for it again 
My computer was changed , and many things were lost . If everything else fails , ask Li Yun and the others again 
Do you have Li Yun 's [ QQ Instant Messenger account | QQ ] ? 
She does n't have [ QQ Instant Messenger | Q ] 
Oh 
Okay 
I shall send a text message 
Telephone : 9370 , it 's more convenient 
I called 
She said she 'll help me look for it 
Hoho , if there 's a problem , look for the encyclopedia 
Have fun getting off work 
My dear wife , what are you doing ? 
Downloading a children 's song for our son 
What 's up ? 
Nothing ? 
Teacher Sun said that students will do their dissertation proposals on the 16th 
I 'll ask Zhang Ming to directly request leave of absence from Teacher Sun 
OK 
If Teacher Sun agrees , then let him go . If he does n't agree , it 's none of my business , either 
Hmm 
OK 
Do you have Zhang Ming 's qq ? He asked me to write something zwitterion - related for him . He is making a resume 
I 'm going to find him some 
qq number 
I do n't want the cellphone 's 
My dear wife , this qq is qq 
Oh 
I thought it was a cellphone 's 
I checked the mailbox of the Institute of Technology and the proof from the International Journal of Hydrogen Energy came back 
I forwarded it to your =mailbox 
Are you there ? 
OK , I 'm going to read it right away , my dear wife 
My dear wife , from which mailbox did you forward it to me ? 
Sun Kening 's public yahoo mailbox 
Oh 
I 'm going home 
At what time are you going back , my dear ? 
I may have to go back at a rather late hour today 
OK 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Cook something tasty for our son 
Whoops ! I really got checked 
Ah ? It 's okay . Have you started your internship ? 
I just went for a few years . It was extremely loose there , so I did n't go any more 
Where did you have your internship ? 
Experimental Institute 
Oh , it really sounds not interesting 
How about you ? 
Not much either . I just ca n't do anything , and surf online here every day 
But they are organizing a red tour to Jingang Mountain 
Aha ... 
It 's stupid . At the beginning , I thought there would be a lot of people . It turned out that a lot of people will be on a business trip or be busy when it is close to depart . At any rate , there are all kinds of excuses not going . (( It 's a joke )) 
Ha ha , are you going or not then ? 
I 'll go . It 's not good if I do n't go 
If I knew earlier , I could have found an excuse to decline before 
Just consider it like going to get some fresh air 
I wonder if we can find fresh air over there . It 's so hot . Hee hee 
I 'm going to eat . Will chat again when we have time 
Okay okay 
Found a new job ? 
No 
What is your new job about ? 
[ Fat Brother | Pangge ] will be a little more exhausted . He will have to take you to work and pick you up every day . Just started in this small workplace , doing Accounts 
It ’s pretty good . Take it slow . Just keep looking to see if there is anything suitable 
Yeah 
They 're very busy over at the Chongqing campus now , right ? Cao Yanqing is feeling unwell . Dong is [ taking up the main task | carrying the big beam on her shoulder ] by herself 
Did you come back ? 
Are you feeling better ? 
It ’s just that I still ca n’t talk 
Get an IV 
I just came back from having one 
How could you suddenly get like that ? 
Probably , I caught a cold a few days ago and I did n’t pay attention to it . My throat got worse 
Do n’t turn on the air conditioner 
Huh , there always is air conditioning . I just put on more clothes . Heh heh 
This is fake , is n't it ? 
100 % fake 】 
Hehe 
How can you tell ? 
Cheap price ? 
Buy a pair and have a look at them , and you will realize , hehe 
The difference between genuine goods and fake ones is quite considerable 
There are =posts on the Internet , search and read them 
I get the feeling the logos are not entirely the same 
The one for genuine products is a frog 
Hehe 
It 's a crocodile on the genuine products 
So only when you see two types of shoes will you be able to see the difference 
I 've bought both real and fake ones 
Hehe 
That pair of mine has a crocodile logo 
Mine also has a crocodile 
That store whose address I gave you is the cheapest store on the Internet for genuine goods 
Are you leaving ? 
You go first 
OK 
I still have something to do 
OK 
Haha , you forgot to bring pajama tops and bottoms , and underwear to change for washing 
To go to Guomao you will take line 4 at [ Renmin University of China | Renda ] , get off at Xidan , transfer to line 10 , and get off at Guomao Bridge ? 
I might also have to go to Maliandao . My classmate lives there 
I do n't know how to get to Maliandao 
Go search on www.go2map.com ( sent from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Boarded the plane , getting ready to fly 
Have a safe trip , love you 
You can =take line 4 and switch to line 1 at Xidan to get to Guomao 
Oh , got it , thanks Little Donkey 
At Maliandao , take a bus to Liuliqiao and (( change to a bus from the opposite direction )). It ’s not likely there will be a subway 
I 'll check it myself 
The meeting has already begun . How did you sleep last night ? ( sent from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Not well . My stomach was uncomfortable , I had a nose allergy , and I miss Little Donkey 
Were there mosquitoes ? 
It was alright last night , no mosquitoes . Waste no time in taking your medicine .
I already took it last night . I ’m much better , but my digestive system is still not feeling well 
Just got up ( sent from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Are you at work ? 
What time did you go to sleep last night ? Did n't you sleep well ? 
I got up early and recalled the [ Urban & Rural Trade Center | Chengxiang ] opens at 7:30 , so I rushed over to find that it opens at 8:30 . I ’m so frustrated ! 
I have given Elder Sister 's wages and the money for parent - child classes 
Just take it as exercise 
I ’m going to eat after washing up 
I 'm on the way to Suzhou now . Do you have time to go try that pair of shoes ? If so , I 'll go buy it for you when I come back tonight ? ( sent from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
I was planning to buy milk powder at noon . Forget it . There 's sure to be a price reduction at the start of autumn . Rest more whenever there is time 
Do n't get too tired . =Even though we 're poor , we have n't reached the point of having to calculate everything 
Just asked , it 's not convenient to add one more person . They will throw in some money and apply for a special price with an internal staff member 's ID . ( Sent from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
On Friday I 'm flying at 17:10 , arriving at 20:20 . On Sunday I 'm flying at 18:50 , arriving in Beijing at 22:00 .
You can set off for the airport at 14:00 in the afternoon on Friday and it will be fine .
Long does n't have discount tickets 
I can only apply for a special price for you 
One can not tell from the airline ticket , right ? 
He will sit next to me 
The cost of this package is over 2,800 now 
How about the special price ? 
He ca n't see your ticket either . Did you tell him about applying for the special price ? 
Yeah 
No problem . You ca n’t tell from the passenger ’s e - ticket ? 
I do n’t know the special price yet . It ’s probably 2,000 
I will just say the application was n't approved 
Is this package the most expensive ? 
Just tell the truth . Guo Sa said he will give you some money out of pocket 
Then do n't let him pay out of pocket 
It 's not cheap anyway . It 's more expensive than the last package by almost 400 
It 's all the same to you , but it 's expensive to Long 
Haha , what if we fly on early Friday morning ? 
It ’s settled , then . Do n't make any more changes . We will still arrive at noon even if we fly in the early morning . We must fly for three hours 
Okay 
Thanks , Little Donkey 
You can log onto the website yourself and check . Check for flights by Hainan Airlines 
Why do I have to check it ? 
To make your own flight selections 
I ’m in a meeting now , talk to you later 
OK 
On my way to the airport ( sent from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
I smiled when I saw you , my heart feels warm within 
See you in the afternoon after work . Get a good rest in the afternoon 
Yeah , it ’s been rather tiring these two days , hoho 
I do n’t have to wash the clothes anymore 
I just go to sleep 
[ Honey | Wife ] , I kept going on business trips during the past month , and have been a little busy . I have somewhat neglected you 
Hoho , no , you did not . It ’s fine , and I am very happy 
I have boarded the plane . Go and have your meal now ( sent from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Has your flight taken off ? I am back after having a meal 
I have landed , still taxiing . ( sent from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
I was just thinking you should have arrived ! Thank God ! 
I 'm downstairs now ( sent from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Hoho , hurry upstairs , wash your hands and go to sleep 
I ca n’t sleep , there is a pile of things to do 
Take a rest first 
Right , he can take care of you and you wo n't be right next to each other , haha ( sent from QQ Mobile : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
Haha , he will be dejected 
Are n't you dejected ? 
He severely reprimanded you in the chat group , and asked me to tell you he can definitely switch to 12B 
Switch my ass , he absolutely ca n't switch to 12B , 
Do you know why ? 
Because there is no 12B 
Haha 
Is it next to him ? 
Then he 's being too petty 
Yeah 
It ’s next to him 
Then I have to say something 
The 2 seats on the side , one next to the window , one next to the aisle 
Go flip out , do n't just say something 
Haha 
Go tease him 
Tell him the one in the middle is me 
He absolutely wo n't be able to switch 
Haha , you ’re killing me 
I ’m tickled to death . I shall let you see the record when I come home 
You are so great ! 
Paste it over . I want to see it now 
It ca n’t be seen , right ? Anyway , I taught him a lesson 
I ca n’t see it 
Wait for the show tomorrow night 
Does he know it 's next to him ? 
He knows now 
It was [ embarrassing | a loss of face ] in the chat group 
I took a look . There are quite a lot of exercise problems , and they have n't learned some of them so they do n't know how to do them . What can I do about it ? 
We have n't done much on those either 
They 're all from the third grade 
Some of the exercise problems are only written in 5 - pt font , which is a little small , and I think there was n't enough space for writing the words 
That 's not an assignment 
The teacher did say that if you have time , you can do the =exercises yourself 
These are only for you to practice by yourself ! 
They do n't fall within the scope of the teacher 's instruction 
Oh ! OK . It just so happens that our lessons stop on Tuesday , and we can have a look at them when we have some free time 
With classes to attend , plus exercises to do , they do n't have any time for recreation 
That 's right 
I also feel there is little free time 
Are you going out and enjoying yourselves during this period when there are no lessons ? 
I 've only just requested a vacation and visited my hometown 
I do n't reckon I will 
How come you did n't them back with you ? 
My Dad 's in hospital , and it would be too much trouble to take them 
Oh , that 's true .
Hehe 
Are you going anywhere for fun ? 
We 're going back to my hometown this weekend to spend a couple of days there .
When classes are over in August , we 're going to stay with my husband 's elder sister for several days 
Hehe 
It 's great you 're so close 
We 're too far away , and it 's not as convenient 
Yes . But his elder sister is in Huangdao . However , the transport connections are much more convenient now than they were before , and you do n't need to spend days and days going somewhere .
In Qinhuangdao ? 
Have you been to Happy Valley ? 
Yes . I left a character out 
We went on the afternoon of June 3rd 
Is it fun ? 
What 's it like compared with Chime - long ? 
I 'm planning to go to Playa Maya again 
Can you use an annual pass ? 
We only spent three hours at Happy Valley .
From half past two to half past five in the afternoon 
Hehe 
I 'm also planning to take them there for some fun 
However , the =attractions for children should be more or less the same 
As a matter of fact , they are more or less the same , and less than in Chime - long 
Playa Maya is not as big as the waterpark in Chime - long either 
But little children should quite like it 
Hehe 
I originally wanted to take them there last Sunday afternoon , but his younger sister was a little unwell .
The weather can not be too hot , otherwise it 'll be easy to get sunburnt 
Is Chong and Jing 's Dad working this Sunday ? 
I do n't know 
Why ? 
Yang Min 's Dad has just said that he probably will 
Ask him 
It 's not just him alone ; it should be everyone 
It looks like they have something to do 
Ah , I think he will be out now , he said he was going out as he had something to do today 
Why ? 
Are they doing to implement some reforms ? 
Ah 
So quickly 
I was actually thinking of going back home this weekend 
The changes are too rapid , right ? 
Well , are those of them who are going abroad still able to go ? 
One moment they say they will change it , and the next they say they wo n't change it , and then they say they 're going to change it again 
If they ca n't go , they could actually carry on attending math classes , and relax a little in August 
I do n't know about those going abroad . It ca n't be the case that they do n't want other people because other people have gone abroad 
However , you would feel to some extent rather uneasy if going abroad right now 
That 's right 
Hehe 
Have you sorted out your son 's schooling ? 
I expect you 're at work now 
Hmm 
Everyone was back at work yesterday 
Hmm . I paid the fees yesterday 
Congratulations 
He enrolls =on August 22nd 
How much did you pay ? 
24,000 
By the way , what good information is there on that jiazhang100.com you mentioned ? 
I do n't think there is any 
Which parts should I mainly look at ? 
Ah 
Maybe I have n't found the right places 
It 's divided into quite a few pages 
That 's why I 'm asking you 
Take a look at the community map 
After clicking on that , you get to the elementary school part 
A discussion of the lower and higher grades in elementary school 
I saw that 
And there are discussions on moving up from elementary school to junior high school 
I expect you need to register for the discussions 
Go on it and read what you need 
You mean I should read those posts ? 
You can also read them without registering 
Is that =information all genuine ? 
You can click to arrange by the latest posts to see the new ones 
Do you definitely have to study Olympic Math in elementary school ? 
The information is generally very timely and accurate 
Oh 
Got it 
There 's no downside to studying a bit of that 
And on the home page there will be new posts on each page 
Oh 
And there is also information on group purchases and activities to do with your child , community activities -- you can find them on the map 
You can organize a group activity , right ? 
There are also some topics , exercises , and information -- really great ! -- particularly after your kid goes up from elementary to junior high school . You can feel your way around slowly ! 
Hmm , yes 
I personally feel it 's a great forum 
OK , many thanks 
I 've only just registered on eduu.com . I have n't been on it that much 
No need to be polite 
Is your father a little better ? 
In future , notify me when you get some good information 
A bit better 
Where are you taking your son for fun over the summer vacation ? 
Yes . Your son is =currently in the third grade , right ? 
Yes 
To Xi'an or Shennongjia 
The third grade is crucial , is n't it ? 
I 'm not sure 
The fourth , fifth , and sixth grades are crucial 
In the third grade , proper habits need to be cultivated 
Oh 
Study habits 
After the fourth grade , the knowledge gets more difficult 
Especially as regards language and reading 
and writing 
It 's hard to get a good mark 
You must require your kids to read a lot books 
If you wish to get admitted to your choice of school , 
in the fifth and sixth grades , they need to take part in more reading competitions approved by Wuhan city , the Chu writing talent competition , and writing competitions , etc 
The pressure on the children is really great 
It seems Olympic Math is just studied in the hope they can take part in the national competition and the Imagine Cup 
That 's right 
It 's just that type of system 
For English , they just need to take part in the national Seas English competition , which is a competition entered into by schools in a centralized way , and one recognized by the Wuhan Education Commission 
I have n't heard of those 
Hehe 
I need to knuckle down to study 
And bear in mind that when your kids later come to take admission exams for foreign language schools or their choice of schools , the above - mentioned certificates will be effective -- the ones taken in the fifth and sixth grades ! 
Hmm 
With those certificates , they wo n't need to take part in school - admission exams , will they ? 
From this year onwards , they 're not allowed to conduct such exams 
so the certificates will become even more important 
You mean that as long as you have one of these certificates , you 'll be OK ? 
It 'll be better if you have one in Chinese language , mathematics , and a foreign language 
and above level three in the Chu talent writing competition 
and above national level three for English 
Has your son obtained any certificates ? 
Above provincial level in the championship 
and above the municipal level for reading and writing 
My son has level two for English in the national Seas , and level one at the municipal level for writing 
Only in =which grade are all of these recognized ? 
By the way , there are also the merits of Triple Excellence , Excellent Young Pioneer Members and Cadres above the district level for the fifth and sixth grades 
In each of these , you need the ones for the fifth and sixth grades 
Oh 
Are your sons getting trained for excellence ? 
They are doing that in Chinese language and literature , mathematics , and English language 
For English and mathematics , a teacher is hired for several children to study under him in the subdivision 
Oh . They can be trained adequately 
For Chinese language and literature , it is done at Walk towards PKU over there at the Fruit Lake 
They say the summer vacation really does n't feel like a summer vacation 
There are quite a lot of things arranged for July 
There are no lessons in August 
I only started training my kid in mathematics in the fourth grade 
Was it a little too early ? 
For English , it is done at the New Oriental , starting from the second grade 
For Chinese language and literature , training did n't start until the second semester of the sixth grade 
You were n't especially early , either 
I mean , I generally get him trained in normal periods , and do n't get him trained during the vacations 
This year is an exception 
as he 's going up from elementary school to junior high school 
I 'm the opposite 
It 's boring at home during the vacations 
so go attend class 
My son has always been among the Triple Excellent students of the local district , but when he got to the fifth and sixth grades , his class =teacher asked him to give up his place for someone else , 
Oh , my . So you also need to have appropriate communication with your class teacher , as the fifth - and sixth - year prizes definitely ca n't be given up to anyone else 
He 's so awesome 
His scores are normally very good , I expect 
Not really 
He 's really balanced in each subject 
He gets on pretty well with his classmates 
He 's just like a normal frog [ emoticon ] 
Not a bull frog 
Does it have anything to do with his classmates ? 
It 's probably the case that you need to have a good relationship with your teacher , right ? 
They used to be chosen by the children 
The teacher probably saw that he had had prizes , and gave the opportunity to another child 
The teacher actually really likes him . It 's just that I rarely have any contact with her [ emoticon ] 
I 'll get on with my work . Let 's chat when we 're free 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
What 's up ? 
How much did I pay ? What do you mean ? 
I did n't say that 
Is there a problem with the system ? It 's just been delivered [ emoticon ] 
Hmm 
Uncle Liang , are you there ? 
Yes 
Zhou Nan , where are you ? 
I 'm at school and will be going back to Siping by train tonight 
Have you been busy lately ? 
Are n't you going =back to Dalian ? 
It 's fine , and I 'm busy learning to drive 
I 'll visit my grandpa and grandma first 
Does this mean you are going to buy a car ? 
I wo n't buy a car for now 
Hehe 
It 's useful for going abroad 
Oh , you are even going abroad 
Are you going abroad to work or for further studies ? 
As a visiting scholar , I should be going for further studies 
Wow , awesome . How long will you be staying abroad ? 
One year . That 's the main trend 
How about your academic grades this semester ? 
Not bad , only one subject left that I have n't passed 
Will it affect your certificate of academic degree and certificate of graduation ? 
There is still one year before graduation . I will pass the test when I take a make - up exam next semester . I 've taken that teacher out for a meal 
Hehe 
Could you get both the certificate of academic degree and the certificate of graduation ? 
Yes , I am thinking of sitting for the exam for a graduate program , but my grades are not very good , hehe , I had not studied hard back then 
It 's still not too late to study now 
Is it quite easy to find jobs for your major ? 
It 's quite easy . A company let me do sales and the annual salary is pretty good 
How come you are doing sales ? Not working in your chosen field ? 
Where is the place ? How much could they offer for the annual salary ? 
I do n't want to do it ; it 's not making money 
You can still do web - related jobs 
The base salary is 4,000 , plus the end - of - year bonus , it 's almost around 120,000 
What stuff are you selling ? 
Real estate property 
Where ? 
Longfor Co. , Ltd in Chongqing 
What are you mainly doing ? 
Mainly just the sales of newly - developed housing units 
For our major , if I go out to look for a job , the monthly salary for working in my chosen field is just a bit over 3,000 
Just doing programming every day 
There just is n't much for an undergraduate major 
You have to take it slowly 
I want to set up my own business after working for a few years , hehe 
Shangshang is doing fine now , is n't he ? 
He must be able to run now 
When are you going abroad ? 
You should think carefully about your job . It 's a great pity that you are giving up your own chosen field 
Zhou Shang is fine and has been able to run quite a while ago , hehe 
I 'm going abroad at the end of the year 
Stop by if you have time 
OK . After I go back home , I 'll stay in my grandma 's home for a few days and then I will stop by your place . I 'm missing you , hehe , I have n't seen you for more than a year now 
OK , give me a call before you come 
=OK 
Your phone number is not changed , I guess ? 
No 
Send it to me again , I do n't have it in this phone of mine , 
received 
Uncle , I 'll stop chatting for now . I 'm going to prepare my luggage and get on the train later 
OK 
Pay attention to your safety on the road 
Hello 
What are you doing 
I just got back from exercising .
It does n't matter , next time you have =time come over to play 
Are you very busy during the day ? 
Not too bad 
Are you in Wuhan 
When is your son returning to China ? 
In Huangshi .
At the end of August 
Oh , then the Olympics will be over 
He is going to Beijing on September 2 for employment recruitment 
Is that their school 's exclusive venue ? 
His time is packed quite tightly 
It is the specialist venue for England 's top 5 schools 
Then he can directly fly from London to Beijing . And then come to Wuhan after he 's done interviewing is n't this reasonable 
I am reading a novel online 
Because he has luggage 
Hurting my eyes , if I 'm at it too long I have problems with my neck vertebrae 
You can check the baggage .
That 's right , thanks 
Save a round trip from Wuhan to Beijing 
He has n't been home for a year and misses home 
Ha 
Its just a few days of work , nothing .
I was kidding , he 's OK , does n't miss home much 
Its about the same as home there 
Once he 's settled down , returning home will become a very common matter .
Too bad , he ca n't stay here 
In the future the time at home will not be great 
With this background of his , he has many opportunities . As to how he 'll choose that will be a worry for him 
He wo n't know how to escape for a while yet 
The desires of boys are all over the place , my daughter has prepared for us not being with her , 
Right 
In the future our generation will need to resolve the problem of getting old by ourselves . [ Expression ] 
I 'll contact you in Wuhan next time , bye 
[ Expression ] Bye bye 
You still have 40 days until the birth ? 
Yeah . Hoho . Been counting down to it all along 
When is the due date ? 
About the 28th or 29th . I have n't calculated it exactly either . But during the 33rd week checkup , they said [ the fetus head is half - engaged | it is half - engaged ] . Doctor said the placenta position was low , and asked me to be less active , as it is easy to cause premature birth [ emoticon ] 
Then you ca n't give birth yourself 
I do n't know , planning to go do a B - mode ultrasound next week . If I meet the requirements , I will do [ a natural birth | smooth ] , I 'll fight for it . Hehe 
[ Senior alumna | school elder sister ] , what about you ? Your due date is earlier than mine , right ? 
During the checkup they said the fetal position was well in place . I will strive to give birth myself 
Hoho , if it is brought forward a little , I can strive for a [ Leo baby | little lion ] 
I want a Leo , but I guess it ca n't be brought forward by so many days haha 
I do n't want a Leo anymore 
My husband is a Leo 
With two of them in the house , I 'm afraid they 'll start biting 
I 'm also afraid of it falling behind , and then starting school a year late . It can be a dilemma 
I 'm also very torn . I 'm thinking that if it does n't come out by the 30th , then I 'll do a [ Caesarean section | cut ] 
I 'm afraid if my kid is bigger in size and then starts school a year later , others may think it repeated a grade 
[ emoticon ] You still have plenty of time . The time I have is a close call . Hoho 
This matter of childbirth is really not so easy to say for certain 
Two weeks in advance is also possible 
Yeah , it 's really not easy to say for certain . Have you gone on [ jnmama . com | Jinan Mama website ] yet ? 
=No 
You can take a look if you have time . It 's quite good . There are a lot of posts about birthing experiences , hoho 
Oh , I 'll go have a look when I have time 
Have you bought all your things yet ? 
Yeah , I 'm done buying , more or less . The majority from Taobao , hoho 
Me too 
I 'll introduce a store to you 
From Jinan 
Starting on the 20th , [ Yingbei'er Maternal and Infant Shopping Plaza | Yingbei'er ] seems to be having a promotion event , you can go and have a look 
Yeah , all right 
The physical store is on the street across from the [ Quanbiao Sculpture | Quanbiao ] 
[ Yingbei'er Maternal and Infant Shopping Plaza 's | Yingbei'er 's ] is unsuitable 
Buy 200 get 40 off 
The bath tub I was looking at , [ Yingbei'er Maternal and Infant Shopping Plaza | Yingbei'er ] is selling for over 130 . I bought it for 85 on that online shop 
Yeah , it is more cost - effective online , indeed 
It 's this shop 
You can take a look 
It 's rather cheap . The items are all genuine 
But as long as you buy 100 yuan from [ Yingbei'er Maternal and Infant Shopping Plaza | Yingbei'er ] , when the time comes to give birth , you can call them and they 'll send a free expectant package . My classmate said the things in it are all very good , including wet wipes and such .
Oh , I have n't heard about this before 
OK , I have bookmarked it . I 'll go back home and look . Hoho 
Which hospital are you giving birth in ? 
Planning on Qilu Hospital 
I have been getting checkups from there all along 
Yeah , it was mainly because of the doctor re-employed from retirement whom we found during a checkup there , so we have been going there . As a matter of fact , it is near the city 's [ Maternity and Child Health Hospital | women and children ] 
People say it 's better to give birth where you have been getting checkups all along 
Yeah , but they all said the in - patient conditions at Qilu are n't good . Bear with it , a few days and it will pass . Hoho 
I will give birth in the provincial hospital . The conditions there are even worse 
[ Maternity and Child Health Hospital | women and children ] seems to be the best 
Right . Mainly because [ Maternity and Child Health Hospital | women and children ] can allow husbands to enter , [ laughing sound | gaga ] 
The provincial hospital can do that , too 
Ca n't enter the delivery room , right ? 
My father - in - law and second aunt are both working in the provincial hospital . When I chose that place back then , I was also thinking it would be more convenient if there are people we know there 
That 's quite good . Having contacts is convenient , hoho 
It 's said online that when giving birth , it hurts so bad you want to scream " ouch ouch " . Those little nurses are all reluctant , and wo n't let you make a loud ruckus . Hoho 
This is how it goes 
My colleague told me the other day about how she gave birth . It made me cry 
[ emoticon ] It 's a process we must all undergo . Thinking about it is terrifying 
In fact , you think about it , if other people can endure it , it 's no problem for us either 
The wife of my husband 's colleague had a natural birth with 8 catties and 9 taels 
She herself was only around 90 catties 
Other people could do it , we will have no problems either 
That 's so awesome , it worked even with a giant baby ? 
Yeah 
My colleague just gave birth at [ Maternity and Child Health Hospital | women and children ] , and said there was a natural birth with 9 catties that day 
I am in awe , hoho 
My husband said that , given this body shape of mine , giving birth to a child is like laying an egg 
So many are having children this year . There are pregnant women everywhere when strolling around the shopping mall 
Yes 
In the future , when attending school or whatnot , it will be in a bunch together 
Yeah . The Year of the Dragon is too hot 
Are you still going to work now ? 
Yes , I 'm working . Hoho , I plan to work until August 20th 
You are even more awesome than me 
I plan to finish the first =week of August 
My belly is too big 
Lower back hurts from sitting all day 
Did the doctor say how many catties the little baby will weigh when the time comes ? An estimate 
Not yet 
Just said that the size is rather good 
Yeah , my belly is =actually not big . I reckon it has something to do with the posterior wall , the whole waist is thick 
Have you seen whether it 's a boy or girl ? >> 
Seen it . But I do n't know if it 's accurate or not . My colleague has had two [ contradictory results | swapped around ] 
I saw it at Qilu , they said it 's a Y , boy , but I saw it at seven months . The child is slightly bigger now . Others say it is accurate when seen at five months 
Have you seen it ? 
No , I plan to persevere to the end 
[ emoticon ] Get a big surprise 
Recently there are particularly many boys around 
All those born are boys 
Not even one girl 
Yeah , all those around me gave birth to boys this year , too 
They wo n't be able to find wives in the future 
I originally wanted a boy . After figuring it out , I wanted a girl instead . Hoho , but only children can have two . After giving birth to this one , I 'll look at the situation and see , [ laughing sound | gaga ] 
No matter whether it is a boy or girl , as long as it 's healthy , it 's fine 
Counting down now , I just think that as long as the little baby is healthy , it 's fine 
Yeah 
Teacher Zhou , are you on vacation ? 
Not yet . There are still a few days to go , it seems 
Hehe , still not yet 
Are you making smooth progress with your projects ? 
No. We will work overtime over the vacation 
Gee ! You even have to work overtime ! 
That 's hard ! Is that your son ? 
It 's like this every year 
He 's in kindergarten 
That 's great 
There 's nothing that can be done about it . There 's no one to look after him , hehe 
What about my sister - in - law ? 
How have you been recently ? Have you bought a car ? 
I have n't bought one yet 
There 's no rush . I have n't learned to drive yet 
Are there floods in Beijing ? 
Serious ones 
Has the drought affected your life ? ( from mobile phone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] : two - way voice , highly effective communication ! ) 
It 's just hot here . It 's been high temps for several days . It 's been a little better these past two days .
Your home was OK in the heavy Beijing rains ? 
I was at home during the rainstorms a couple of days ago , it was fine , my husband braved the weather in the disaster area to get back home , it was really scary ( from mobile phone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] : two - way voice , highly effective communication ! ) 
Safety is a blessing 
You must be at work , it must not be a good time 
It 's alright , there 's not much to do today 
Did the high temperatures affect Niuniu ? 
We have a project where we especially hired someone to chat 
Haha , that 's not a bad job 
Swimming every day , there 's a / c at home and at school , we 're at the pool as soon as we go out 
Niuniu can swim now 
That 's really great 
No , likes to play in the water 
Every child likes to play in the water 
But a kid pooped in the pool two days ago 
Do you know how ? 
I do 
It 's too bad I do n't know how 
Can you save someone ? 
Then run into the submerged cars , are n't there a lot of ways to save yourself ? 
There must be , I have n't had the chance to practice 
There was a kid in the Heshui River when I was little 
When was that ? 
I do n't know 
When I was in elementary school 
Then they must have known you 
Everyone knew 
That kid knew 
You did n't know how to swim then , right ? 
I could doggie paddle 
Then how did you save someone ? 
They dug up sand in the river , there were many holes 
He was n't careful and fell into a hole and did n't know how to swim 
I flopped in and pulled him out 
That 's how it went 
Haha , you like to help others since you were young 
It 's pretty dangerous to truly rescue someone from the water , you have to knock them out and pull them out .
Otherwise you 'll be pulled under by the drowning person 
Is this the American method of rescue ? 
I have a meeting now 
Chat later 
OK 
Sister , are you having twins ? 
No , I ’m not 
I saw that your belly is quite big 
Sigh 
I am even afflicted with separation of symphysis pubis 
Just that the child is too big , causing constriction 
Oh 
You 're preparing to give birth to a child bigger than [ Big Headed Brother | Datouge ] 
Sigh , there ’s nothing I can do either 
In fact I 'm very uncomfortable 
Yeah 
Pregnancy is not an easy job 
It hurt so much the night before last that I could n't even sleep 
Way too scary 
It 's just very troublesome 
The good thing is my suffering is about to end 
Yeah 
It ’s a killer 
It 's said to be even more troublesome after it comes out 
Annoying me to death 
It 's a killer 
How is your wedding preparation coming along ? 
I do n't even really deal with it . It 's all done by my parents 
Going to the army to attend the mass wedding this Saturday 
[ August 18th | 818 ] appreciation banquet 
Is n't it on August 8th ? 
Ask [ Big Headed Brother | Datouge ] to go when the time comes 
No. August 18th 
Oh , then I remembered it wrongly 
Looks like pregnant women have bad memory 
I 'll see . If I do n't give birth early , then I 'll go 
The appreciation banquet is in the evening , right ? 
Oh . If it 's at midday I wo n't go 
If it 's that kind in the evening then I can attend 
Heh heh 
If I have n't given birth yet 
Midday at 11:28 
Actually I 'm also a pregnant woman myself 
Just that my belly is much smaller than yours 
[ Oh God | I faint ] 
How many months are you ? 
Almost 4 now 
Oh … .
Otherwise I would have sought you out sooner to go out and play . I was also sequestered at home earlier on 
Why did n't you say so earlier ? 
I was already two months when I found out 
Because my period was irregular , so I did n't think I could get pregnant 
Originally I just thought if I were able to get pregnant , then I 'd keep it 
Was your =reaction serious ? 
It was all right 
Almost threw up my intestines 
Still having a =reaction now ? 
There is a reaction 
Just now someone came to deal with things 
When is the due date ? 
January 4th 
A [ baby born in the year of the dragon | dragon baby ] too 
But it could also be December 25th 
Oh yes 
Because my period was irregular , the doctor suggested that I do a B - mode ultrasound 
How can it still be off by so much ? 
That ’s why it ’s called an irregular period 
Where have you been going for checkups ? 
Provincial Hospital 
Which doctor did you look for ? 
I always go there to get my friend to write a =list directly 
List 
The doctor is her [ senior alumna | senior sister apprentice ] , Director of Obstetrics 
I have n't met her yet 
You still have n't set up a file record ? 
I just did a checkup last week . Set up the file record , but have n't picked up some results yet 
Need to wait till I get them , then ask =her to take a look 
Yeah 
The first time is annoying like this 
It gets simple later on 
My blood was drawn until I felt dizzy 
Four tubes ! 
6 tubes had been drawn all at once 
How come it was so much for you ? 
It was just 4 tubes for me at that time 
Yeah . Seems that I had to test for one more virus of some kind 
I have to draw another one in the later stage as well . My friend said I can test during the early stage 
Back then I got that , too . Even had to test for gonorrhea 
There are usually 5 viruses , it seems . I tested for 11 
I tested for the later stage ones together too 
Now there are no more viruses to test for in the later stage 
She said that if you [ draw blood | draw ] and test now and there 's no problem , then you do n't have to test again in the later stage 
It 's not for viruses 
Just one blood drawing is a diabetes screening 
[ Blood drawn | Drawn ] 3 times 
I also got [ blood drawn | drawn ] for that 
You were too premature as well 
Oh , I ’m not early 
The best is 15 to 18 weeks 
Their rule is that diabetes screening is n't carried out until it ’s more than five months 
No , it ’s not 
Is diabetes [ Down ’s Syndrome | DS ] screening ? 
Are they one and the same ? 
No , it ’s not 
[ Down ’s Syndrome | DS ] is Down ’s Syndrome screening 
It 's to check whether it 's an idiot 
Anyway I do n't understand it . It was all done for me by my friend . It was a check which she felt was necessary 
Oh 
It ’s very troublesome 
A big load of check - ups 
Anyway , 6 tubes of blood were drawn from me 
Spent a lot of money on checkups alone 
I only spent more than 1,400 that day 
Exactly 
I also spent over 1,000 when I set up the file record 
Just to draw this blood 
It 's daily checkups in the later stage . It ’s once a month for you 
Diabetes screening when it ’s 5 months 
Echocardiography at 26 weeks 
There are no other major checkups for the rest 
I made an appointment for the echocardiography 
Yeah . You always need to make an appointment in advance 
Otherwise you ca n't =do it 
September 27th 
Doing that also depends on your [ little friend | child ] cooperating 
It ’s a killer 
Yeah 
If he 's not facing forward , you have to go climb the stairs 
If it does n't cooperate , you have to climb more stairs 
Yeah 
It 's not easy being a mom 
Oh yes 
It ’s best that you decide on which doctor , and always look for that person to see you in the future 
I ’m just going to decide on that director 
If it 's a =Caesarean section , just look for =her 
What 's her name ? 
Man or woman ? 
Woman 
Zuo Changting ? 
I forgot 
Go for checkups often and you 'll know , there is an extraordinarily large number of people giving birth to children this year 
Have n't I not gone for a checkup before ? 
I ’m going to have my meal now 
Yeah . Go , then 
How is the mobile bank transfer , do you still need to do it ? 
You try it today 
Are you on the Android system 
Right 
Log in to wap . ccb . com 
I downloaded that mobile bank 's APP 
Download the Android version client terminal , and install it 
With such heavy rain these past couple days how have you gone to work 
After downloading it enter through that icon 
Enter the mobile bank 
Yesterday my father took me in his little car 
However , today the rain is not that heavy , and I 'll take my motorcycle myself 
What should I select for savings type 
Zero savings entire withdraw ? , 
Yeah 
Transaction category 
Open account or continued savings 
Open account 
You can select however many years you want 
Transfer three amounts over , and then transfer them back 
6 amounts in all 
The original several amounts from July 21 also succeeded 
Oh ? 
Ha ha 
You can return them back and that 'll be fine 
There were five amounts that day , I found this in the details there , I just saw them 
Oh oh 
Oh , they probably were online bank transfers 
They were n't I think , there were five amounts 
Then you transfer the 5 amounts back , and then transfer an extra 1 amount to fixed term , and then transfer it back 
From what I remember , that day the mobile bank did not transfer the accounts over 
Now adding them up there are eight amounts transferred in all 
I 'll first transfer the 21st ones back , for today 's I wait a couple days and then transfer it 
No problem 
However , if you transfer it back on time it also counts as 2 amounts 
For the accounts transferred on the online bank , can you see it on the cell phone ? 
You can 
Oh oh 
With it raining these past few days I have not gone to HK 
Its too =early , several days first 
Today I went to the Western food restaurant on the 24th floor of Yinquan for afternoon tea , there Won Ton noodles and tenderloin noodles were n't bad , I looked at their menu , and it seems their Western food is also not bad 
Oh oh , I 'll try it 
I 've been to the 8th floor 
The things there are ok , however the environment is not good 
The ceiling is very low , and the space small 
Yeah yeah 
The 24th floor is the highest , so the ceiling is not low 
Oh oh 
I 've been to the 8th floor for tea , they are slow bringing things out 
I did n't like it 
Yeah . And they also close very early 
I have heard 
I do n't know where its at , I 'll google it 
Yeah 
Oh , right 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
Are you busy ? 
It 's okay . Do you have things to say ? [ expression ] 
You know Cheng , right ? 
Of course I do 
He 'll pick you up at Baoan 
Hehe . He contacted me a few days ago . He told you , too . I 'm very glad that an old classmate can pick me up 
He called me . Can I ask you a personal question ? 
Haha . You 're so secretive . Please ask [ expression ] 
Are you married ? 
Haha . Do you want to set me up on a date ? 
What are you talking about ? I wo n't 
Cute old classmate , I 'm not so ugly that I still ca n't get married . Why do you need to ask ? 
It is because you skipped grades . You 're much younger than we are . Now , you 're not happy 
Haha , I 'm old already . However , I 'm happy every day including now 
Then , I 'll also ask if you are married or not ? [ expression ] 
Very funny ! I 'm married . My son gave me the QQ number 
Haha . It looks like your son is rather old 
He is 12 years old already . What about you ? 
My daughter is three years old . You can tell the difference . No wonder you would ask me this question 
She is so young . I did n't look at it . Next question : What is your husband 's profession ? 
Haha . Are you acting as a spy ? 
You 're so humorous 
You 're so secretive . What intelligence are you engaging in ? 
Haha ! I 'm very happy today . I 'm your classmate 
Haha . I 'll wait until Shenzhen and I 'll get to the bottom and ask you questions to death [ expression ] 
You 're much taller than when you were at school . The more you ask , the happier I will be 
Where is she ? 
Am I much taller ? It 's about the same . It 's also 161cm 
Oh ! 
Have you been in touch with Tan Jianhong ? 
Yes but not often . He may go , too 
Forget it . He will go ? ?? He 's in Beijing at one time , in Shanghai at another , Wuhan at another , and Quanzhou at another 
Haha , do you not have any confidence in him ? You have to be optimistic . There is no problem if he does n't come either 
I 'll be happy as long as you go 
I thought about you the few times I went to Beijing . It 's been 20 years . I want to see you very much 
Call on me if you want to see me . It seems that you do n't want to see me [ expression ] 
I do n't have your phone number . ++ would n't give it to me 
Why would n't he give it to you ? Strange 
I do n't know 
However , this is not important anymore 
Yes 
Yes 
20 years can change a lot of people and a lot of things 
Yes but the personality wo n't change 
Do you still remember Long++ ? 
Acquired cultivation is also very important . I remember him 
He is at Shanghai International Studies University 
Ha , is he a teacher ? I 'm actually at Beijing Foreign Studies University 
Right . Are n't you a translator ? 
I 'm at the publishing house 
Haha . Was that the book that you translated ? 
Hehe . My friend got me to translate that at the time 
How could you see it ? 
I saw it at the home of Professor Sun at the East China Normal University . I was very excited then 
Hehe , does Professor Sun give it to his child to read ? I just translated it for fun . Originally , my =favorite was to create dictionaries 
My favorite was to create dictionaries 
I do n't do it now . My eyes ca n't stand it 
I 'll have to go offline 
My child is waiting for me 
We 'll chat another day . FDGG 
Teacher Li , we will have a meeting here next Tuesday . Do you have time to attend it ? 
Do you have time to attend it , beautiful girl ? 
I dare not decide on that and have to ask my leader . I am not even sure whether I am able to get my leave of absence 
Do you even need to ask for leave ? It should be considered a business trip 
Even for business , I still have to get the permission from my leader 
Hmm , you ask about it then , I have to confirm the number of people because lunch will be provided 
It 's been decided : I will attend it next Tuesday 
Good 
I 'll make arrangements for you , hehehe 
Is Sister Jiang Ying there ? 
Yes 
Can I go over on the 30th ? 
Yeah , all right 
Have you bought the air ticket ? 
Not yet . I want to borrow money first , and apply for a reimbursement after I get back . Is that okay ? Currently the wages have n’t been paid either , I ’m broke 
Just text Director Zhang directly and borrow the money 
State in writing clearly the following is for going to Chongqing 
How much can I borrow then ? 
Borrow for a one - way ticket first 
1,000 , probably 
And borrow again when I come back ? Is n't there business travel expenses ? 
That ’s all calculated after you return 
I also borrowed for the travel fare up front when I went over last year 
The main point is that you do n't need to spend money for accommodation 
Are commodity prices high over there ? 
It 's all right , I guess . It 's usually not expensive if you eat in the cafeteria 
If you eat at the little restaurants by the school 's entrance , it 's basically just around 10 bucks 
In that case I still have no money to come back . My wages being just so little is simply not enough 
Just borrow again when you come back 
Will it be easy to borrow if I borrow it when I get back ? Ca n't I borrow it all at once ? I really do n't have much money now 
It 's not that they wo n't allow you to borrow it . It 's for fear that Director Zhang wo n't approve it if it ’s a lot at once 
Send it and give it a try 
When is it playing ? 
The Music Bank playing this afternoon 
I still have n't found the whole thing 
You 're satisfied 
Sister just finished watching SMT IN USA 
Is that the SM Town concert ? 
I 'm really satisfied , TARA went on Super Junior again recently , a talk show 
I know , I saw them dance bo beep bo beep and DBD 
SMT is the town concert ... 
You 're so great 
Do they have a Korean Wave YinYueTai ? 
When did SM have a town concert in the U.S. ? 
I think two months ago 
I hope TARA has a concert in the U.S. in the next two years 
I 'm going to HK tomorrow 
Going again ? 
What are you going to do ? 
Yea , going around with my mom and grandmother 
Right , Hong Kong is good for buying albums 
Now is the Hong Kong Cartoon and Animation Festival 
Go see that Star Games , it 's really funny 
I 'll see it if I have time , those idols are so young 
I 'm watching Haomin in our home [ expression ] 
Eunhyuk is the MC for the Idol Games 
[ expression ] Asian =sports 
Yin , we went to Happy Valley and Playa Maya this week 
It was quite fun 
Come and have fun 
We 've been to Playa Maya twice 
Or get Huiying to come with you 
My husband said yesterday that they will be having a classmate get - together in mid-August 
Where ? 
They were discussing last night 
Set on August 17 , I think 
They said it would be an out - of - town tour , with 40 - 50 classmates 
So many people 
They are having it simple 
Only to visit the scenic spots and then take a few group pictures , and whatnot , 
I heard that three of the classmates are sponsoring 40,000 
Hehe 
And the others pay at least 500 per person 
It is very expensive to go to another city 
If they do not go , you come to Wuhan 
Wuhan is much cheaper 
I think their initial calculation came up to 70,000 - 80,000 
It 's a classmate get - together , my husband will definitely go 
I see that they enjoyed themselves very much every time 
Not many things to take care of 
I 'll see where I can go from the 10th to the 12th 
If I do n't go on these three days , I 'll have no time to have fun in August 
Come to Wuhan 
Really 
Very convenient 
Your entire family or ask Huiying to also come along together with her son 
Huiying 's son has grown up 
and does n't like these things 
No problem 
They went to Hainan 
It is the big kids who like these 
Hehe 
I still want to go to the beach 
Really 
It is also quite good here 
Both adults and kids can play 
Really going to Shenzhen ? 
OK 
I ca n't take leave 
I can only do weekends 
Very busy recently 
I feel too bad to take leave 
OK 
How about the 11th and 12th ? 
The kids will have ended their classes by then 
I 'll go there by train in the evening on the 10th 
OK 
Then , mention this in the group 
If I bring 4,000 , is it enough to go to Shenzhen ? 
Enough 
It does n't need so much 
Is your husband going ? 
He will not go 
If I 'm going with my classmates , he will definitely not go , he does n't like hanging out with people he is not very familiar with 
Hehe 
An introvert 
Anyway , you have to bring your kid out for a trip 
That 's what I am thinking too . Anyway , I have to take her on a trip once during the summer vacation 
Shenzhen is also quite nice 
So no need to travel between Guangzhou and Shenzhen 
It works too 
You can spend one more day there 
Fengjiao is not around 
Otherwise , we can go shopping with her 
Oh 
Yin , how are you going to Shenzhen ? 
By train ? 
Train , I guess 
Train in the evening on the 10th ? 
Why not let 's take the same train ? 
What is your train number ? 
Can we take the same train ? 
What is your train number ? 
Let me check 
Let 's check together after it is decided 
It will be livelier this way 
Let me see 
OK 
It seems that we can not take the same train 
There is an express train here that goes there 
It will reach there overnight 
Whatever is convenient . How many hours does it take from your place ? 
12 hours 
7:45 p.m. , arriving there past 7 a.m. 
Otherwise , just take the plane 
I 'll check the schedule here 
Qiong , do you want to go out to sea with them on the 12th ? 
Convenient for us ? 
Niu will also be with them the next day 
If we go 
Zhihua has made the invitation 
If it is convenient , then yes 
The class 2 schoolmates there were all informed 
Including Canhong and the others 
I 'll go where you go 
If you say yes , I 'll reply Zhihua 
Otherwise , he 'll think I am against it 
OK 
I have to leave on Sunday 
Why not I take a plane there later on Friday ? 
I am leaving on Sunday evening 
Let 's check which places we will be going to on the 11th 
So that we can arrange the timing [ emoticon ] 
OK 
You check it out 
Hehe , OK 
I am taking the train that is from Jinggangshan to Shenzhen 
arriving at 7:59 a.m. 
Oh 
About the same time 
What time do you go back on Sunday ? 
Evening 
by high - speed train , I guess 
There are many trains here 
Mine is at 18:55 in the evening 
If this is set , I 'll buy the round - trip tickets in a few days 
It is troublesome to buy in Shenzhen at the last - minute 
Let me reschedule the lessons with the teacher first 
Is there a lesson also on the 11th ? 
There is still a lesson in the evening on the 10th 
There is another lesson on the 12th 
No problem 
I 'll talk to the teacher in the evening 
and get the teacher to reschedule 
OK , it 's basically set , let 's see what we are going to do on the 11th , and we will go out to sea with them on the 12th 
ok 
On the 11th , we can check in at the hotel they have =booked 
It also saves me the trouble 
Staying where ? 
A four - star hotel 
I do n't remember the name 
Ask 
Let me check 
If we 're going , I will confirm the details 
We must stay at a nicer place 
Four stars 
Zhihua said it 's quite nice 
Oh 
Qiong , their cost is 500 per person 
I think if we stay and go out to sea with them , how about we also tell Zhihua we pay 500 per person ? Would this be better ? 
No problem with that 
You book 
You decide 
Only 500 for accommodation ? 
They pay 500 per person for two days 
So little 
Let 's pay based on this standard 
I also have two kids with me 
Gosh 
Zhihua even said we do n't have to pay 
What I mean is , we will feel at ease if we pay for ourselves 
What Zhihua meant last time is to invite us there 
We are supposed to bring along our kids to enjoy ourselves 
We must pay 
If not , others will complain 
Zhihua is fine , but it does not mean the others will be fine too 
Yes , I think so too 
Qiong , it 's 600 
I remembered wrongly 
No problem 
Xiehua took a blow and is feeling lousy 
He left me a message just now 
Hehe 
Yes , he said he will go if we go 
Yin , I have basically gotten my leave 
Leaving on Friday evening , I am taking the high - speed train 
I can arrive on Friday evening 
Back on the 5:00 p.m. train on Sunday 
OK , 
What time do you arrive on Friday evening ? 
I have not decided yet 
About 10 p.m. , I guess 
Hmm , OK 
Zhihua went back to Yongxin yesterday 
Going to Hunan today 
And you ? 
Arriving on Saturday morning ? 
Tell him our itinerary details in a couple of days 
I have leave , but there will be no one to hang out with me even if I go on Friday 
Jiao is not there 
Xiaoyan is 
She is in Guangdong 
Oh 
Anyone else ? 
You can spend one more day there 
I 've been to many places 
If we go to Playa Maya together 
it is not very convenient 
A problem for the boys to change clothes and shower 
If no guys are going 
Hehe , none of us know how to swim 
They ca n't go to the women 's changing room 
I may arrive on Saturday morning 
I do n't know whether we can book the return ticket 
I want to book round - trip tickets 
You can 
Can I book return tickets from Shenzhen in Ji'an ? 
Yes 
I 've bought the return tickets 
Yes , I think having them booked is more convenient 
You can go earlier 
Two days are too short 
I 'm going to pick up my ID card one of these few days 
I applied for a new card 
Qiong , have you bought your tickets ? 
At what specific time do you arrive ? 
No 
Niu said he will pick you up 
High - speed train tickets are very easy to sell 
Buy 
Pick me up when it 's so late ? 
No need 
I 'll take a taxi over 
It 's safer if he picks you up 
You 're a woman with two kids 
It should be fine 
I think I 'll arrive very late 
So late , I feel bad 
It 's OK , we 're all classmates . So what ? Do n't we bother them to help us only occasionally ? [ emoticon ] 
Mainly because it is at night 
It 's better to have someone pick you up when you 're in another city 
Let them pick you up 
Lotus 
Hehe 
Convenient ? 
Does n't he have to work on Saturday ? 
Let 's see how it goes when the time comes 
You can book your tickets in advance 
She 
OK 
Yin , I 'd like to ask about the hotel we will be staying at 
I want to see the room type . I will have two kids with me . I want to check on the Internet to see if the bed is wide enough 
How about a standard room ? 
With two beds ? 
Let me see 
I 'll check online 
I asked Zhihua yesterday 
This is how this guy replied 
Gosh 
Let me copy it for you 
Some standard rooms are very small 
Not comfortable to sleep in 
Not comfortable for two people to sleep in 
Haha 
This fellow 
He did n't say 
You tell him then directly that you want a bigger bed 
It must be booked in advance , right ? 
Yes 
If not , there will not be any left by the time you arrive 
He should already have done the booking 
Zhihua did n't join the class 2 group , did he ? 
He did n't 
Strong personality 
What is his QQ number ? 
I 'll tell him you want a bigger bed in your room 
I 'll have him added 
Let me tell him 
OK 
Is he around ? 
He is 
Oh , Qiong , Zhihua said yesterday we need to give our ID card numbers for going out to sea , they need them for insurance 
OK 
Everything 's set ? Is there going to be a big bed ? 
I 'm asking 
OK 
Yin , I 've asked 
Only a 1.2 meter bed 
I 'll see how it goes when we arrive 
See whether they can add another bed then 
No family room ? 
Any big bed ? 
Zhihua also said that I wo n't be able to catch the 5:00 p.m. train 
The beach is very far away from the train station 
There will be no bus then 
What could we do ? 
What time is your train ? 
I do n't know yet 
Mine is 6 o'clock 
Let me check again 
Can you catch the 6 o'clock one ? 
No idea 
Let me check the train schedule again 
Let 's talk about it later 
What did Zhihua say ? 
What time will be okay for us to catch it ? 
He said we wo n't be able to catch it 
Because the activities wo n't end until 4 o'clock 
Only then will the bus come 
to bring everyone back to the hotel 
And the beach is very far away from the high - speed train station 
Let me ask my friends in Shenzhen again 
See whether they can give me a ride 
OK 
Or get Yuxiang to give me a ride 
How far is it ? 
Yes , Niu can 
I do n't know 
He said it is very far 
You need to get a clear answer 
so as to calculate the time 
OK 
I 'll go do my stuff first 
OK 
Yin , I 've spoken to Niu 
He will give us a ride 
I guess you will also have to leave early 
Is yours the Shenzhen station or Shenzhen West station ? 
I think it is the Shenzhen station . I think bullet trains are at another station 
I 'm very busy , I have n't checked it yet 
Yin , have you bought your tickets ? 
It seems that train tickets are very difficult to buy 
Oh 
I have n't 
Mine are high - speed train tickets , they are very easy to buy 
Gosh 
Recently , it is very difficult to get train tickets for Shenzhen and Beijing 
I 'm very busy in the beginning of the month , I am preparing statements 
I have n't booked my tickets yet 
Book your tickets soon 
My tickets are very easy to book 
No one takes the high - speed trains 
Oh , there are still a few more days before I get my ID card 
The earliest I can buy my tickets is still on the 5th 
Oh 
No ID card is needed , right ? 
Is it needed ? 
No ? 
I thought it is needed 
I do n't know 
I seldom go on business trips recently 
I heard from my husband that it is needed 
Ask in the group 
Not needed in the past 
No ID card is needed at the ticket offices 
It 's needed after the high - speed train accident 
You only need to give a number 
That will do 
It 's needed at train stations 
It 's not needed at our ticket office here 
Tomorrow , I 'll ask my husband to do the booking 
Quick , book the return trip too 
Hmm , OK 
Otherwise , it will be quite troublesome 
Yes 
But if you have leave , are n't you going to spend one more day there ? 
I 'll arrive on the 10th 
and come back on the 12th 
On the 10th , I 'll go enjoy myself with my daughter first 
Arriving in the morning on the 10th ? 
Yes 
Anyone else with you ? 
See where you want to go on the 11th , so I 'll go somewhere else on the 10th 
Later , ask Niu for recommendations 
OK 
I want to go by myself on the 10th , I wo n't trouble them , they all have to work 
That 's fine too 
I 'm planning to go to two places , and return in the evening 
But the place where we stay seems a bit remote 
Near the airport 
Ask your husband to come along 
My husband will not go with me 
Near his home 
Why ? 
He usually does not take part in my activities 
Unless it is a whole family 
going out on our own 
Hehe 
Introvert 
You complement each other 
Yin , I am going to buy tickets for the 10th , departing at 5:25 p.m. and arriving at 22:20 
OK 
On the 12th , departing at 18:05 in the evening and arriving at 22:48 
Mine is 18:56 
On the 12th 
About the same 
Hehe 
I asked my husband to buy the tickets 
My husband went to the train station but could n't get any 
I got Xiaohua to do the booking 
Hehe 
Mine are already booked , and I will transfer the money in the afternoon , hehe , cheaper and more convenient than plane tickets . Here , to take a plane , we have to go to Taihe 
Yes 
And the return trip ? 
Also booked 
I wonder how far away Zhihua 's place is from the train station 
At what time we will return ? 
At what time must we leave to be able to catch the 6:58 o'clock train ? 
If it is the Shenzhen station , Niu will give us a ride together 
I heard from Zhihua that the bullet train station is at Longhua 
It 's very far away , is n't it ? 
Is yours a bullet train ? 
I do n't have bullet trains here 
It 's an express train 
Take a nap on the train and we 're there 
Oh 
What time do you leave and what time do you arrive ? 
Going there , departing at 10:22 p.m. , and arriving at 8 next morning 
Returning , departing at 6:55 p.m. , and arriving past 4 next morning 
My husband will pick us up when we return 
Quite a journey 
I still like taking the train . Taking it at night is better ; if it is in the day , the hours are too long , and it 's too much for my kid 
Hehe 
I ca n't sleep well on the train at night 
I ca n't sleep well now , I used to sleep like a pig 
Now , even when I sleep at home , I always wake up in the middle of the night 
It 's good enough if I can sleep five hours 
Yesterday , I took a call while still drowsy from sleep 
As a result , I did n't fall asleep until 2 a.m. 
[ Emoticon ] Gosh 
There was a call at such a late hour ? Waking people up 
I went to bed late 
Irritating 
I could n't go to bed until past 11 o'clock 
On the 10th , are you bringing your little one to Happy Valley 
Yes 
and Playa Maya , the two places ? 
We ca n't go to the beach 
Happy Valley in the morning 
Playa Maya in the afternoon 
? 
I do n't know how to swim 
I 'm afraid of having an accident 
You do n't need to know 
After all , there 's only me alone 
It 's just going on slides 
The =water is only up to the calf 
Water 
Not a seaside ? 
Just do n't go rafting 
It 's just a water world 
Man made 
Oh , is the rafting water deep ? 
There is a family slide 
Usually one meter deep 
Then it 's not scary 
Rafting is not fun 
Doing the slides is enough 
What else is there to play ? 
At the seaside ? 
Between July 1 and August 31 , tourists pay only 270 yuan / package when they buy two - time entry package using their own ID cards . First - time entry tickets are available on the same day 
What does this mean ? 
Admission ticket : 0 yuan ( Happy Valley has a policy where one ticket allows entry into two parks . Tourists who buy Happy Valley admission tickets can have a wild , wet time at Playa Maya water park for free ) 
One can visit Happy Valley twice 
(( It should be )) 
But after buying the Happy Valley ticket , you can go to Playa Maya 
So , you should go 
That 270 is the price for two entries ? 
Yes 
You might not want to go again 
That 's true 
Once is enough 
I have bought a family annual pass for the =Happy Valley in Wuhan 
Unlimited entries 
Within one year 
How much does the annual pass cost over at your side ? 
1,366 yuan for two adults and one child 
599 yuan per person 
If there 's no water , we can go every weekend 
But the Happy Valley in Wuhan does not come together with Playa Maya , you must buy tickets separately 
Only in summer will there be places with water 
Yes 
It 's really better to have guys if going to those places 
Yes 
But the one I have at home says each time , I 'll wait for all of you in the car 
You bring them in 
He does not want to go and get the thrill 
You go there to train to be brave 
For beaches , daddies also have to go 
Because they need to change clothes and shower 
They do n't know how to shower ? 
They do n't know how to dry themselves 
And they need to open the locker to get clothes 
Some lockers are very high up , and they may not be able to reach them 
[ Emoticon ] Xiaohua said there will be a typhoon , and asked me to pick up the tickets at a later time , he said we ca n't play anything when there is a typhoon 
Oh 
Gosh 
When is the typhoon ? 
These two days 
I 've bought the tickets 
Check the weather online when the time comes 
Damn 
Gosh 
Raining all these few days 
Till when ? 
Gosh , it 's raining on Saturday and Sunday 
I do n't know whether it will rain for a long time or only occasionally 
Otherwise , how are we going to play ? 
I do n't care if it is a thunder shower on Friday 
Just briefly 
Moderate rain on Saturday and Sunday 
I 'll ask Zhihua later 
How will the moderate rain be ? How to play ? [ emoticon ] 
Hehe 
That 's fine 
But it will be very humid and hot in Shenzhen 
Extremely humid 
Bring more clothes 
OK 
Honglan is going with us to the Sea world 
Is she around ? 
I did n't see her 
OK 
Her kids are also there 
They are slightly older than mine 
Right =company for your little one 
company 
Oh 
Offline now ? 
I 'm going to bed 
OK 
Let 's go together then 
Bring a swimsuit for your little one 
You can go into the water at the beach 
OK , I will bring for both 
Anyway , there will be many people . Let the guys in class 2 watch over them , and we 'll wait at the shore 
Hehe 
OK 
I do n't know how to swim 
Me , either 
So I do n't dare to go into the water 
The sea is too scary 
When a wave comes 
you do n't even know where you are going 
Kids love it 
There are designated swimming =areas 
It 's fine 
Accompanied by adults , there will be no problem 
At that time , ask the guys from class 2 to watch over them 
Yes 
Niu is still quite reliable , ask him to look after the kids [ emoticon ] 
Haha 
Xiehua is not reliable 
He 's busy with the Top Eight 
I guess he 's gone to have his own fun 
Yes 
Yin 
Are you there ? 
Yin , are you there ? 
Someone from the tax bureau is here 
I 'm busy 
OK 
Qiong , are you there ? 
Yes 
Just now , # Mingsheng said he can pick up you and me 
He has a car 
And his family is not in Shenzhen 
Good comrade 
Haha 
He told me just now that he can pick us up . I said I 'll arrive at 8 in the morning and will it be inconvenient since he 's working on Friday ? 
He said it 's convenient 
It 's OK to loaf a little 
Haha 
Let him pick us up then 
I guess Zhihua will be a bit busy that day 
I think , forget it , I 'll take a taxi on my own 
He said no 
When it is very late , it is not safe to take the subway at night with the kids 
Yes , it 's too late 
Take this away 
It comes out with every sentence [ emoticon ] 
And Zhang Mingsheng lives right in the neighborhood of the high - speed train station 
How to take it away ? 
I do n't know 
If he 's not working on Saturday , ask him to be our driver 
His family is not there , it should be fine with him alone 
OK 
Otherwise , it 's troublesome to bring several kids to take the subway , and it is also crowded 
Good comrade , finally there is someone who volunteered to do something [ emoticon ] 
Yes , he is a good comrade 
Sing his praises in the group next time 
[ Emoticon ] Yes 
Contact him when the time comes 
Many things to do for the get - together 
Last time , Niu said he will be at work and asked Lei to accompany us . However , later on , there was no mention of it . So , if Mingsheng is willing to accompany us , it will be more convenient with Mingsheng 
Yes 
OK , I 'll tell Zhihua not to pick us up . He has indeed a lot of things to do and is very busy at work .
I have n't talked with him about someone going with us to the Sea World 
I 'll ask him when I have time 
Hmm , OK 
I 'm going to do my stuff now 
Are you busy ? 
Um 
Go ahead with your business first 
Are you going to Shenzhen ? 
Um 
Are you going with children ? 
Um 
My main point is to take the children to play 
Um 
Time is very tight . We only have two days , Saturday and Sunday 
I am going there , too 
Let 's meet by then 
Is n't it that you wo n't go ? 
Why not ? 
You said it yourself 
If you go , I have even more reason to go 
Does it have anything to do with me ? 
Sort of 
Are you very busy ? 
Um 
I 'm busy in August 
Good morning 
Have bought the train ticket ? 
Not yet 
Be quick 
It 's still early 
In case there is a change 
Oh 
I have n't decided on taking the plane or the train 
I will see which time is more convenient 
Yes . If you are not in a hurry , taking the train is good . It is close to your place 
It will still take 5 hours 
It is sort of close 
Train 
That is close ? 
It will take 5 hours via the high speed rail 
Um 
Are you busy ? 
Um 
What do you think is the biggest drawback in my personality ? 
Ho ho 
You just need to have a good life yourself , and that is enough 
Why do care about other people ? 
You gave an irrelevant answer 
Ho ho 
I have to get busy with my work 
Have you bought the tickets ? 
Not yet 
Why did you beat me ? 
Did your two kids do well in the exam ? 
Why do you ask this ? 
I would like to know 
It 's okay 
Um 
You are caring about the children now ? 
How is it between them ? Who is better ? 
Chong Chong 
Is he a lot better ? 
Um 
How much difference is there in a course ? 
Not much different 
but the child 's study habits are much better 
So why did you said much better ? 
This is very important 
There wo n't be much difference in the scores at elementary school 
The difference is only several points 
but the habits vary a lot 
For example ? 
The serious attitude 
Why do n't you give birth to a child ? 
Be quick to buy tickets 
Ho ho 
Why should I be in a hurry ? It 's still early 
You have decided to go ? 
Um 
The 8th Congress is begging you to go 
Ho ho , no 
Do you want to do ? 
I 'll go 
You are n't afraid that there is no ticket ? 
One can easily buy a ticket to Wuhan 
High - speed rail tickets are available any time 
I can even buy one on the same day 
What if there is any change ? 
Oh 
It is very difficult to buy a ticket to Beijing 
Will you come this year ? 
There are still many people entering Beijing 
I probably wo n't go there if I 'm not on a business trip 
Oh 
So it is not easy to see you 
You will be busy enough during the 8th Congress , wo n't you ? 
You have the heaviest crop this time 
No , it 's been dissolved 
Ah 
I provoked a public outcry in Class 6 , so I will just be present to give support 
Ha - ha 
[ Girls | beautiful lashes ] in Class 2 are still kind to you 
[ Girls | beautiful lashes ] in Class 6 are not to be trifled with 
Nobody is particularly kind to me 
They are all just so - so 
Do n't be too greedy 
You have to learn to cherish 
Is n't Xiao Yan kind enough to you ? 
You got tough on her every time 
Now she ignores you , does n't she ? 
You are speechless , right ? 
What date do you go to Shenzhen ? 
Are you busy ? 
I just got in to work , reading the news . Ho ho 
Good habits 
Giggling 
What to do ? 
What do you mean " what to do " ? 
You seems to have some troubles 
You are happy in the heart because you will see many beautiful girls soon , right ? 
Does it have anything to do with me ? 
You have been looking forward to this for a long time , have't you ? 
No 
Am I so vulgar ? 
I did n't mean that 
You are relatively nostalgic 
There are too many beautiful women in Beijing 
Right ? 
You are not a stranger 
Is it that I do n't have anything else except this ? 
I do n't =know anything else 
I do n't know 
You hit me again 
Ho ho 
Are you very busy recently ? 
It 's okay 
How about you ? 
There are a lot of things , but I do n't want to do any 
The same as me 
Just take your time . You can never get everything done 
It seems that we have degenerated 
That is not a problem for women 
but men ca n't be like that 
Yes 
I have degenerated 
If I degenerate , you will not see me anymore , right ? 
What do you mean ? 
I am not an outstanding person anymore 
Ha - ha 
No way 
Your aura is your own thing 
Do you live a happy life ? 
It 's just fine 
So you are happy , are n't you ? 
Why do you say so ? 
Living a happy life is happiness 
I am relatively low key 
Low key is good 
Unlike you 
I have some conflicts with people in the company recently 
Keep a peaceful mind 
Um 
Are you busy now ? 
I have to do something , right ? 
I have not degenerated to your level yet [ emoticon ] 
Let 's chat for 10 minutes first 
Have you eaten ? 
Um 
It 's very early 
I will eat later . There will be many people there if I go early 
Fortunately , we went to the cafeteria early 
I often go to tea cafes 
Oh 
I will go to bed now 
Are you going to bed ? 
Get some sleep 
Um . [ Bye | 8 ] 
Is Chongqing hot ? 
It wo n't be hot when you come 
I ca n't go anymore 
About to give birth ? 
Yeah 
After working this week , I will be taking a rest 
Hoho . Whoa , are you excited ? 
It ’s quite uncomfortable 
Hoho 
It ’s too hot 
I ’m particularly afraid of the heat after becoming pregnant . Moreover , it ’s also very uncomfortable sleeping 
Hoho , and you ca n't use the air conditioner either 
I 'm [ using the air conditioner | blowing ] 
Ca n't take it anymore 
Otherwise I 'll get a heat rash 
Hoho . Be more careful 
Oh 
Yeah 
Take good care of your health 
Yeah 
When do you want a =child ? 
When I have earned the money for milk powder , probably 
Yeah 
Mo is asking for the girl 's photo 
Has [ QQ instant messenger | ball ball ] 
Truly very pretty , I have seen her in person 
From which year ? 
‘ 85 ? 
‘ 86 
Part - time car model 
Her figure and looks are all great 
Mo Lu is rather interested 
Added to [ QQ instant messenger | QQ ] . Not online , did n’t go through 
Got a phone number ? 
Text first to get in touch 
Strive to meet up a little earlier 
What are the numbers for Mo Lu 's phone and [ QQ instant messenger | ball ball ] ? 
I 'll let the female party know 
What 's her name again ? 
Jiao Jinqiu 
I still ca n't type that character 
How do you write it ? 
[ Hold on | ==] 
I 'll give you a screenshot 
Give me Mo Lu 's [ QQ instant messenger number | ball ball ] and phone number 
I 'll let the female party know 
My classmate , female , 1984 , height ： 165 , weight ： 49 kilograms . Graduated with a master 's degree from University of International Business and Economics , and joined the faculty to work 
Ask Pan Bo if he has a suitable person or not 
My HOME key really seems to be broken 
Does n't really move when I press it 
My classmate 's home is in Pingyin 
Change [ Baby Lotus Root ’s | Oubao ’s ] picture to a little girl 
This avatar is fine for either a boy or girl 
Ask the girl which one she thinks is okay 
The qualifications are too broad 
How is she going to choose ? 
It 's just a certain year 
My classmate said all are fine 
Except for that '78 one 
[ Hold on | ==] 
I found this myself from her internet space 
Wants to get to married 
Daily life photos 
You chat with [ Pan | A - Pan ] 
I 'm tired of passing on the message 
Oh 
Ask him to add me , then 
Yeah 
He said enough , let ’s ask first 
Oh 
[ Baby Lotus Root | Oubao ] can wear pretty clothing now . Great ! 
Sigh 
What are you sighing about ? 
It 's so good 
I think I have let your parents down 
[ Pah | Fallen ] 
What sort of thinking is that ? 
Feudal 
I think they are exceptionally longing for a grandson 
I like daughters . How come you do n't take my feelings into consideration ? 
Just try again for a grandson , then 
They will like her as soon as she is born 
Xiong Dalin 's parents also like grandsons . Do n't they also like Miaozi now ? 
But do n't you think your father is envious after hearing that others gave birth to grandsons ? 
So what if they are envious ? It 's not his own anyway . If his own is a granddaughter he 'll like her too 
I just think they 're so good to me , and all they long for is a grandson , but I ca n't even satisfy them 
Being good to you is something they ought to do . It 's not because they want you to give birth to a grandson anyway 
We give birth to whatever we want . I ’ll still want you to have a daughter 
If I give birth again who would know for certain that it ’s a son ? 
Maybe it 'd be a daughter again 
If you give birth again and it 's a daughter , I 'd also like it 
But wo n't they be disappointed ? 
We can only give birth to two 
They will like her as soon as she is born 
Elderly folk are all like this 
Go home after work , both of us switch cars , and you go pick up my mother 
It 's so late now , do n't let her take the bus by herself 
Why should we switch cars ? 
I 'll fill up the gas on the way and go over 
Oh 
Do n't let the gas you =refill be too little 
I still do n't know if that gas meter is accurate or not 
It 's quite pleasing driving this [ compact car | little bump bump ] 
In that case I 'll just go straight home after work 
Yeah 
Go back and turn on the air conditioner and rest 
It 's terribly stifling today 
Our air conditioner was of no use this morning 
Like a sauna 
You should n't even work this week 
Zhang Ke is off tomorrow and the next day . Director Wang said I can apply for a break too . Otherwise I 'm off on Thursday and Friday 
I have no way to rest 
I wo n’t be coming in after I 'm finished 
I 'm going for a checkup on Thursday morning 
Oh 
Ca n't you take leave next week ? 
Then wo n’t it be fine if you make Wednesday your last day at work ? 
The accounts have to be settled at the beginning of the month 
I have to guide Little Zhang once 
Otherwise if I go home , he wo n’t stop harassing me either 
Even more tiring 
Shall I go over once I get off work ? 
My mother said it 's fine as long as you arrive before half past six 
I wonder if Uncle is going over right after work or having a meal before going over ? 
Then where should I go to wait ? 
It 's about right if you leave the workplace at half past five 
It ’s quite congested at that hour 
It 's not easy taking the Huanggang Exit off the bridge 
If Uncle is going directly , he can arrive at the hospital at 6 o'clock , then my mother can leave 
The caretaker gets there before 7 o'clock 
Just two swimming tickets for [ Olympic Sports Center | Olympic Sports ] were issued 
Find out which of them are going 
When is the deadline ? 
Valid for the year of 2012 
Wang Xin wants them 
Give them to me tomorrow 
=Her father will come get them from me tomorrow 
Is it worth the effort ? 
It ’s only two tickets 
She said she would n't mind just one 
Whoa 
Yeah 
You still are n't leaving ? 
Were n’t you able to leave early ? 
Yeah 
Busy 
Oh . Do n't be busy for too long 
Yeah 
Have you given it ? 
Not yet 
Just say that you calculated it wrong 
Do n't pay money , and yet find that it ’s not a good coup 
But it was calculated by the three of us 
Sigh , just say this and it ’ll be fine . The less trouble the better . It 's not that much money anyway 
He Yanguo has been pregnant for more than four months . Not going to work from tomorrow 
Intending to take two years off 
She [ stubbornly | death & life ] does n't want to 
If she does n't want it then forget it 
Both Li Yan and I tried to persuade her , but she still did n't want it 
Do n't force her 
? 
?? 
Top - up 100 
The fast one , right ? 
Is it done ? 
It ’s done 
Okay 
It failed 
I 'll top it up again 
It ’s done 
Did it yet again 
It ’s done , I succeeded 
? 
?? 
That little bean on the iPad , what ’s the software called ? 
=Which bean ? 
? 
The one that can go to desktop 
Oh 
It ’s in [ General Settings | General ] 
There 's a body language 
=No , there is n't 
Is it that only the new version has it ? 
Yes 
Only the new system has it 
Eh ? 
I want to upgrade … … I do n’t want to jailbreak anymore 
Oh 
You should resign and go sell cars 
Oh ? 
Wang Chao makes 15,000 in one month 
I really want to open a motel . I 'm observing and studying it now 
They ’re all fitting 
So troublesome 
If you ’re not pregnant , then you must deal with it 
It 's very troublesome indeed 
A classmate of Wang Xin 's wants a second child 
Just affixed over 30 seals 
It ’s raining heavily at your place , right ? 
It 's basically no longer raining now 
Later , wait for the phone call before you come out 
Yeah 
You can leave early ? 
There ’s no way for my dad to leave too early today 
I 'll wait for him for a bit 
I 'm 20 minutes away . Leaving at 5 o'clock 
Okay , approximately 5 or 10 minutes past 5 , right ? 
Yeah 
It 's still smooth on the road , right ? 
=Still =raining ? 
Still raining ? 
It 's all right , I guess 
There ’s a bit of [ rain drops | drip - drop ] 
As long as you arrive safely it 's fine 
Hurry up and hand it over 
Yeah 
Working on it 
What did you eat at noon ? 
Not hungry 
[ Pig Nan | Zhunan ] did n't give a treat after returning to the workplace ? 
Oh , no 
[ Pah | Fallen ] , not honorable 
What did you eat ? 
Bought cold noodles , ate half and threw it away 
Such a bad appetite 
Anything that you want to eat ? I 'll go buy it in the afternoon 
No 
Eh … … Must n’t be like this 
You ca n't lose weight now 
I am not going to lose weight 
I really did n’t want to eat 
Perhaps I ate too much in the morning 
Oh 
You ’re not allowed to lose weight ! 
Still not done handing it over ? 
No 
You did n't deliver the oxygen tank today ? 
I want to eat lotus seeds , [ emoticon ] 
I can just send it via express delivery 
Why do n't go to Shenzhen ? 
I will take some there 
from the 11th to the 12th 
Wo n't you come to Guangzhou ? 
If yes , then never mind . I was kidding 
There wo n't be enough time for Guangzhou 
I will go to Shenzhen directly 
Will you go together ? 
OK , then let 's get together next time when we have the opportunity .
Will you go to Shenzhen ? 
I ca n't , ho - ho 
I would like to find some time to make an appointment with a doctor to do a surgery for my kid this week 
It had better be done during the summer vacation 
Why does every child have this problem nowadays ? 
Does your kid have this problem , too ? 
The child of one of my schoolmates has also undergone it , hehe 
It 's OK 
I think 
Then never mind . I will let the doctor take a look first 
Ask the doctor to take a look first 
Um , 
Apply for a card at the place where you go for massage 
I 'll give you money 
Both you and my dad should go there for massages 
No time 
I 'm not applying for it 
(( Must be able to wait outside the entrance )) 
That 's what I am talking about , the one at the entrance 
The one just before you reach [ Yingbei'er Maternal and Infant Shopping Plaza | Yingbei'er ] 
It would be so great for both of you to go for massages after having dinner in the evening 
We will talk about it =later 
Ca n't [ chat | pull ] now . I 'm going to work 
Classmate Song 
How have you been recently ? 
Did you go to Turkey last time ? 
Yes , in May 
I am going in the middle of this month 
Which city are you going to ? 
Ankara , Istanbul 
I went to Istanbul last time 
And two small cities 
I did n't go to Ankara 
You were a visiting scholar , I am going there to bid 
Oh , to find money ? 
Building a power station even in Turkey now ? 
To earn a living , they say Turks are very warm and friendly 
Yes 
Too much 
You 're a globe trotter now , huh 
No , I only go somewhere near Europe for meetings every two years 
Did # # # look you up last time ? 
She went to New York , I have n't gotten a chance to visit her 
No 
Green card ? 
Yes 
That 's great . It would be cool if I could get a green card , so I do n't have to get visas for going abroad 
Do you come to the United States often ? 
And I have to go to other countries , do n't I have to get a visa for every one of them ? 
Whether it is a green card or Chinese passport 
you still need a visa for traveling to other countries 
Visa is exempted only for U.S. passports 
At least it 's easier , right ? 
It 's the same , no difference 
Our high school classmates are going to have a gathering again 
This time , it is the liberal arts class 
Has your Class 4 had a gathering ? 
August 18 , are you coming back ? 
Do you have a video camera ? 
Let me take a look at you 
I 'm working from home today 
Still in pajamas 
Not convenient 
Working from home , I 'll just look at your face 
Hold on then , I 'll change into something else 
OK 
Disconnected ? 
Probably poor signal 
Not much change , I can still recognize you 
Hehe , same for you 
Is your father at Sanjiaotou ? 
You showed up at the Class 2 gathering during the winter recess . I recognized you at first glance 
Yes 
You were there ? Why did n't you tell me ? 
I did n't see anything 
I mean , you were there , yet you did n't say hi to me 
Oh , you mean the Class 2 gathering ? I did n't go 
Then , how did you see me ? 
I saw the pictures afterwards 
There are pictures ? I did n't take any pictures with them then 
There 's one 
Let me see , send it over 
Hold on 
It was at night , how could there be pictures ? 
It 's hard to find 
Let me ask # # whether he has a copy 
In Orlando 
Very handsome guy 
Looks a bit like # # # 
Miami 
Not as handsome as CEO Song , he is not coming to Nanjing either 
Did he originally want to go to Nanjing ? 
For some time , he came often 
We have a project that we may want to cooperate with someone in China 
If the deal goes through , I may go to Nanjing on business 
Great , come over 
I 've sent you the picture 
Haha 
I 'm going to bed . You did n't change your phone number , did you ? 
Nope 
Good night 
Haha 
How come I saw your name was Yang Min ? I inadvertently changed it just now .
You ca n't have 
How about now ? 
You can change it back again 
I did change it just now . When I added you as a friend , I thought I had to type in my information , and so I changed it 
Min 's mom , the math class on the evening of August 10th ( Friday ) has been changed to the evening of the 9th , and classes on the morning of August 12th ( Sunday ) may be changed to the morning of August 13th .
Is there any problem with those times ? 
OK 
When the teacher goes back and decides about the classes on the 13th , I 'll let you know 
Our classmates are holding a get - together , and I 'm taking them on a trip on the 10th - 12th 
Are you going away ? 
OK .
OK .
That 's great 
Hehe 
Yang Min was really great yesterday -- the teacher finally told me 
he would be called upon more to make speeches 
It was great sitting in the front row 
Yes . He was also very pleased yesterday , he originally had no confidence in =himself either 
It 's great if he can develop his interest in math by attending this class 
Hehe 
Zhihua , I 've really put you to trouble this time 
Hehe 
No , you have n't . I am honored to do this . Hehe , and it 's also what I should do 
You 're too polite 
I 'm not being polite 
Me , I do n't do politeness , I 'm very straightforward 
There are many things that need someone to do in order to have a get - together 
Hehe , in that case , it 's fine 
Hehe 
There 's something I want to ask about . I 'm taking two children with me this time . Can you inquire about a hotel for me ? I want a standard room with quite a large bed .
Otherwise , I wo n't be able to sleep well all night when I sleep with my kid 
How old is your little child ? 
8 years old , and he does n't sleep soundly 
Would a 1.8 - meter bed be OK ? 
Every time I sleep with him , I never have anywhere to sleep 
Do you want a single bed or two beds ? 
Two beds 
A single bed would be a 1.8 - meter one 
Is there one with a 1.8 - meter one , and a slightly smaller one ? 
I have been to some hotels where it was like that 
Well , I need to make some inquiries 
The prices are a little more expensive 
Hmm , thanks a lot 
If we 're going to stay in the same hotel as our classmates from class 6 who are holding a get - together , then there probably is n't one 
If we could stay in a different hotel , then there would be one 
Can you find out for me ? 
What hotel are we staying in ? 
Or maybe I can go online and look one up 
There are floorplans on the Internet 
I 'll ask my spouse . I 've also forgotten the name of the hotel 
It would be simpler if we could stay with you 
Hehe 
That 's true 
So it turns out you have an assistant ? 
No. I 've just made a call to ask the hotel 
Oh 
How about if you stay in a hotel near our home ? 
In that case , forget about it . It 's too much bother 
There is one with two 1.5 - meter beds 
Is it near your home ? 
There are many hotels near my home 
It would n't be convenient in terms of going on trips with everyone , would it ? 
It 'd be the same 
Is it nearby ? 
Next to the main gate to the garden where I live 
I mean , is it near the hotel where they 're holding the get - together ? 
It 's not too far -- 10 minutes by car It 's just that it 's not decorated as well as that hotel where the get - together is held 
Oh 
In that case , forget it 
The big bed should be more than 2 meters , I suppose 
It seems it is 1.8 or 2 meters , I do n't know . Anyhow , it looked big to me -- at least 1.8 
There is n't one bigger than 2 meters 
The widest one is just 2 meters , hehe 
A standard room probably has a 1.2 - meter one , I expect 
Yes 
Have you got the name of the hotel ? 
I was originally planning to book a suite of rooms for you . They also only have one bed 
2 . The location of the get - together : the Baoyue hotel in the new central district in Bao'an , Shenzhen city . The exact address : Xixiang Avenue , Bao'an district , Shenzhen city , Guangdong province , opposite the second phase of the Futongcheng ) Hotel reception phone number : 0755-88888818 
It should be very close to the airport , right ? 
I 've already called them 
It is 
When I go there , I will probably go by plane , and come back by high - speed rail 
OK 
What time will the get - together on the 12th finish ? 
We 're having dinner at 5 o'clock in the afternoon 
It 'll be finished once dinner is over 
If I reserve the 5 o'clock train , I wo n't get there in time , will I ? 
You wo n't 
Is it easy to get a taxi if I leave early ? 
That time is the latest ? 
In that case , there 's no other way 
At the seaside 
Is it easy to get taxis at the seaside ? 
I could leave early 
Because it 's rather far from the high - speed railway station 
It 'll be fine if it 's easy to get a taxi 
I 'll leave at 4 o'clock , which should be more or less OK 
I 'll put my luggage in the car 
But we 're going =by coach 
With a sight - seeing company 
I can put the luggage in the coach 
The coach will leave in the middle of the event 
Oh 
We 're going in the morning , and it will come to pick us up in the afternoon 
You do n't need to change trains in Guangzhou now on the high - speed rail connection from Shenzhen to Wuhan , do you ? 
No need 
Almost 5 hours 
Oh , I have n't been on that yet , hehe 
Our colleague has just gone on it 
Oh 
Is it far from the seaside to the hotel ? 
Yes , it is 
Ah 
We 're in the western part of Shenzhen . The place we 're going to have some fun is in the eastern part of Shenzhen -- it 's rather out of the way there 
Rather primitive 
In other words , after leaving in the morning , no one 's going back to the hotel ? 
We 're going back 
Take a look at itinerary arrangements for our get - together 
How about if you come by high - speed rail , and go back by plane ? 
I 'll think about it 
When you arrive , I 'll have time to meet you 
If I go back by plane , will I get there on time ? 
Then I will send Xiehua , you , and Yixing altogether to the airport 
There will definitely be many flights in the evening 
Xiehua and Yixing are going back to Beijing on the 18:50 flight in the evening 
Will they get there in time for the 18:50 flight ? 
They should do so 
I 'll make inquiries 
If you want to play it safe , it is best to take a =later one 
later one 
Hehe 
I 'll see about it , thanks 
OK 
When you 've booked it , let me know 
Hmm 
OK , thanks a lot ! 
Qiongqiong , have you booked it ? 
Maybe I should stay in the hotel where you 're having your get - together 
Hehe 
When I go back home , if I go by high - speed rail , Yuxiang will drive me there and see me off 
I 've agreed it with him 
I 've put you to trouble 
Are you coming by high - speed rail , or by plane ? 
It should be by plane 
OK . When you 've booked the flight , let me know 
OK 
Zhihua , I 've decided on my itinerary . I 'm going from Wuhan station to Shenzhen station on August 10th , leaving at 17:25 in the afternoon , getting there at 22:20 , G1023 
And on August 12th , I 'm going from Shenzhen North to Wuhan , leaving at 18:05 in the afternoon , and arriving at 22:48 
Zhihua , are you there ? 
Yes 
I was on the phone just now 
Hehe 
I see . When you 're on the train , let me know 
I 'm still coming by high - speed rail , as the times are a little more reliable 
Oh 
I 've heard that it 's normal now for flights to be late in Wuhan 
It 'll be too late , so there 's no need for you to come and meet me 
Is it easy to get taxis from the high - speed railway station ? 
Do n't get a taxi 
I wo n't be arriving until 22:20 , which will be too late 
Take Metro Line 4 from the high - speed railway station , and get off where they change to Line 1 
The Metro is still running 
Yes 
Does the Metro run that late ? 
Is n't it easy to get a taxi ? 
It 's easy , but there 's no need 
Is it very far ? 
A bit 
Roughly ? 
I 've never been , and so I 'm not particularly sure 
In the evening , I think it would be around 50 to 80 
Why do n't you take the Metro ? 
I always take the Metro when I go to distant places 
It 's very convenient ; you do n't need to change 
Oh 
Once you get out of the station , the Metro is right there 
You get off after a few stops 
OK 
And after that 
I 'll meet you at the entrance to the Metro station when the time comes 
Line 4 goes to the central district of Bao'an 
Should I change directly onto it ? 
When you come out of the railway station , you get straight on Metro Line 4 and get off in the central district of Bao'an 
10 stations in total , I 've looked it up 
Hehe 
OK 
When you get on the Metro , call me , and I 'll wait for you at the entrance to the Metro station 
Take Line 4 and get off in the center of Bao'an , and then change to Line 1 ? Where would I get off then ? 
The Circle Line is Line 4 
The Luobao line is Line 1 
ok 
That 's definite 
The Metro is actually quicker 
There are no traffic jams 
And you save some money as well , hehe 
Hmm 
I always take the Metro when I go to distant places 
If I drive , I can park in the parking lot at the entrance to the Metro 
Oh 
The Wuhan Metro is not yet open , so I had no idea [ emoticon ] 
The Metro is very convenient , and also very comfortable and very economical 
The main problem is that on the day , many of our classmates in the humanities class will already have arrived , and I need to say hello to them , or otherwise I could go to the North station to meet you 
Yinyin is arriving at Shenzhen station in the morning , and I asked her to get straight on Line 1 and get off at Xixiang station , and I would wait for her at the entrance to the Metro station . She refused , and insisted that I go to the train station to meet her [ emoticon ] 
It takes me 40 minutes to drive there 
Hehe , it does n't matter . I often go on business trips 
She 's very fussy , hehe 
is n't she ? 
She seldom travels , and is probably a little afraid 
Oh 
I used to often take night flights when I went away on business , because I had no time during the day 
The traffic jams are worse in the morning 
Yes , it was precisely the work rush hour . Depressing 
And what 's more , it was hard to park your car near the train station 
I have n't been for a long time 
Right 
The public square at the train station in Shenzhen is very small , and there is no parking lot at all 
Never mind . You can ask her to take the Metro , nowadays communications are =convenient 
convenient 
Since she has requested it , I can only obey her command , otherwise I will be beaten 
Yes . It 's also really difficult to park your car at Wuhan train station , and I do n't even dare go in , as once you 're in you ca n't get =out 
A good comrade 
However over-the - top the demands made by my classmates , I will always agree to them . Hehe 
Moreover , this is n't really considered over-the - top 
Zhihua , what line of business are you in ? 
I remember I told you once 
You asked when we were chatting in a group with class 2 
Did I ? 
Yes 
My memory is really terrific 
My memory is now deteriorating 
I write software 
for real estate , taxation , and land 
Oh 
I remember now 
I did ask 
The same platform for three departments 
Yes 
I also said it was tiring 
Chatting can actually improve your memory 
My memory was once really good as well 
Now I find it 's really not so good 
Once upon a time , you only had to ask me for things in the home , and I could fish them out right away 
Hehe 
Now I always forget where I put my things 
Oh , really ? 
It 's a sign of getting old 
Yu Xiang , are you there ? 
Yes 
Are you coming on the 10th ? 
Um 
Are you going to play together with us on the 12th ? 
Maybe 
Is the seaside very far away from the high speed rail station ? 
Ha - ha 
Is the high speed rail station called Shenzhen North Station ? 
Right 
That is quite far 
Are you preparing to live near the hotel where they hold the gathering ? 
Shenzhen North Station is newly opened .
It 's in New Longhua District .
Is there anyone going to pick you up ? If not , I 'll go and pick you up .
I am not worried when going there 
I am mainly worried when I am going back . I will take the train at five o'clock . I suppose there wo n't be any car at that time ? 
Five o'clock in the morning ? 
No 
In the afternoon 
What date is it ? 
12th 
12th 
Um 
Why did you buy such an early one ? 
Is n't there any one at a later time ? 
6 o'clock 
We are playing at the seaside . It 's just begun .
The latest train 
will arrive Wuhan at 11 o'clock 
Ah 
Then you buy the one at 6 o'clock 
The seaside activity will also end at 4:00 
but their bus has to go back to the hotel 
I ca n't catch up in time at 6:00 , can I ? 
It ends at 4 o'clock . You ca n't catch up in time at 5 o'clock 
You can catch up in time at 6 o'clock 
I am afraid that I still ca n't catch up in time at 6 o'clock 
They say it 's very far 
You can set off just later than 3 o'clock 
I will go to play by then as well . I will see you off 
Um 
Will you drive to the seaside ? 
You buy the one at 6 o'clock 
Will you leave early by then and drive me to the train station ? [ emoticon ] 
Yes 
OK 
You do n't have to work on the 12th , right ? 
When does Liu Yin return ? 
I will go to play with Yin on our own on the 11th 
Where can we play mainly ? 
She will be at 6 o'clock 
But she will not go from the high speed rail station 
The Window of the World , Splendid China , Eastern Overseas Chinese Town , Happy Valley , and so on .. 
She will go by train ? 
Um 
Can she catch up ? 
Is the station far away ? 
I will see if I can let Xue Bing accompany you to play .
I do n't think it is =feasible 
It is closer than your place .
That is not necessary . We can go by ourselves 
We seldom get rest 
Let 's wait and see then . It will be fine if we can go together .
It is also hot 
Um 
Are we going the same way ? 
Yan and I 
Almost the same .
Is it Lo Wu Railway Station ? 
I do n't know 
Shenzhen Station or Shenzhen West Station 
It is on the ticket .
If it 's Shenzhen Station , we are more on the same way .
Let 's wait and see she arranges 
Um 
If she does not want to go so early , she can go with the bus . She will be there in time .
Will you arrive in Shenzhen at 10 o'clock on the evening of the 10th ? 
I want to go there by plane 
and return by train 
Oh , that is also fine 
The airport is very close to the place of their gathering ! 
Um 
When do you plan to arrive ? 
Zhi Hua said that he would go to the airport to pick me up 
Oh 
That 's good 
If it is too late , I will not ask him to pick me up 
I will take a taxi by myself 
Ho ho 
It is very convenient to take a taxi at the airport 
When will you arrive at night ? 
I will arrive in Beijing at night , too 
If the time is almost the same , we can pick you up together at one time .
Um 
I will arrive at 8:45 
I will set off at 7:00 
Will Xie Hua and others arrive at night , too ? 
The time is almost the same as theirs 
We can pick you all up at one time by then 
Ho ho 
You there 
Have you been well these past couple days 
OK 
Done well adjusting 
It 's just my throat is not very comfortable , I 'm going to have it checked out tomorrow 
Have you gotten over some of those knots .
Yeah , I have 
You should go to a doctor at once 
Are medical costs high ? 
No , check - ups are free 
At the hospital at the school 
I 've wanted to go to have it checked out for a while , finally have time tomorrow 
Will you get some medicine ? 
Yeah , I 've taken an anti inflammatory for a week , but it does n't seem to be having any effect 
Is your work still that tense ? 
It 's likely that the medicine is n't right for the illness . Inflammatory illnesses are caused by different reasons , and you have to use a medicine that is targeted for if to work .
Finally going to work tomorrow , these past couple days been going to class , because there will finally be new files for the work I have to do tomorrow , so I have had more summer camp classes arranged 
Tonight I 'm doing some work that I can do at home 
OK , I know 
Church 
Did n't you say you did n't apply to the summer camp ? 
The summer camp for the children 
Oh , how many times do you go to church every week now ? 
I go to church on Sundays and get - togethers on Friday , so still twice 
Do you not have many friends at church now ? 
I have cut back my exchanges with them 
Was this caused by bad feelings or other reasons ? 
Did n't I tell you , I just realized that they were the same as regular people , or even not as good as regular people 
That is I am not as trusting of them as I was before 
Does the church also have power struggles 
In our get - together group there are many that are from our institute , they are my classmates and whatnot , so there can still be some mutual jealousy and whatnot 
That 's right 
Is the church entirely Chinese ? 
Why is it you are still asking these questions , did n't I tell you all this before 
I just have realized that everyone in reality only looks out for themselves , and so the things they say appear even more false 
The impression that I get is that you seem to always only hang out with Chinese circles .
I do n't have time to hang out with foreigners , nor can I get into their circles 
Other foreigners are also colleagues , classmates 
The others have all gone home for the vacation 
Those that stayed in Philadelphia are basically all Chinese 
Everybody looking out for themselves is normal . If the world is peaceful , everyone comes for the advantages , if the world is chaotic , everyone leaves for the advantages .
It 's not that they have become false , but that you are too naive .
Right , so this period of time I have felt very distressed 
Work at it slowly then , this is a process 
There is nothing to be depressed about . You should celebrate that you are slowly maturing , and are no longer that naive little girl .
Ugh 
It 's very boring 
Manage your own time well , after you feel enriched you will not be depressed .
Yeah , OK 
OK 
You are always searching for a driving source to fill and invigorate you . To resist your negative emotions .
Every time I 'm on vacation , there are always times when my emotions fluctuate up and down , this is quite normal 
You still need to be a bit more open . Do n't be proper all the time .
OK , I know 
When your emotions are languished , pro-actively go out , do n't sit and stew by yourself .
OK , its always at night when I 'm home alone that my emotions get languished , working online for many hours I 'll feel very stifled 
Then just calling a good friend of yours is also fine . When you 're dejected you have to find channels of release yourself 
OK , I know , its mainly my throat is uncomfortable , and my thoughts are everywhere , it will be better after I see the doctor tomorrow 
Go see the doctor if you are uncomfortable , why are you letting your thoughts run everywhere .
Right , I do not have this problem 
You have to be good at simplifying and resolving complicated problems 
Right , I have to see the doctor tomorrow before I can be at ease 
So you have to continually change and improve .
This is subconscious compulsiveness . You have to self - adjust .
OK 
If you 're tired you can listen to more music , this is very good , .
Yeah , I work while watching TV dramas 
At any rate just find a method that is suitable for you .
OK , you take care of yourself 
I am quite well . I am now watching the Olympics every day and am very satisfied .
You 're not staying up all night 
You ca n't take that 
You are happy 
No , if there is an important match at night I first sleep .
I have n't been able to watch 
You give yourself happiness . Otherwise our world would be very dark .
No 
You =do n't have a TV there ? 
Do n't 
America is like this 
Why does n't the apartment landlord provide these most basic of living facilities ? 
They rent out empty apartments 
OK 
However , now is the study stage , watching TV wastes a lot of time . Wait until you graduate and then make up for it all .
OK , you take care of yourself 
Get some rest early . I wo n't delay you any longer .
OK . Be happy .
? 
?? 
Wang Qian said I am working so zealously now , and Director Zhou 's evaluation of me is also not bad , I should strike while the iron is hot , and be more active 
Do n't wait until there 's a quota to act , by then it is too late 
For what ostensible purpose is your current activity ? 
It 's neither New Year nor any holiday 
I could n't find an excuse 
Say that we are getting our acquaintance from the bureau to drag Director Zhou out to eat , my treat 
Director Zhou came over from the bureau 
Oh 
What did you eat for lunch ? 
Did n't you ask that already ? 
What I meant was you ate too little 
Quite a lot 
I did n't finish eating the cake 
Still have to bring =half of it back tonight 
See if it is all right to write like this 
I think it 's better to wait until after you finish your maternity leave 
Go back and perform for the first half month , then give him a treat 
If you treat him now , you would be on leave in less than a few days 
Oh 
Can you get off work at 5 o'clock today ? 
I can 
Yeah 
Tao Huihui said she prepared a gift for me 
It wo n't be good if we do n't prepare a gift for her , too 
After all it 's only a three days ' difference 
Oh 
What to prepare ? 
Do n't know . Let 's think about it 
I should cut my beard 
Oh , evening 
You are hot , right ? 
No 
I 'm so hot 
[ How come | what is greasy ] ? 
The wind is cool for us here 
A whistling wind 
Like the seaside 
Did n't it rain ? 
Not raining anymore 
It rained heavily over on our end 
Oh 
When you get off work , are you still going home to change to the [ Volkswagen Lavida | Lavida ] ? 
Or shall I drive straight to your workplace , and then I drive the [ Chery QQ | ball ball ] home ? 
I 'm not changing it 
It should n't be raining on the West side anymore 
[ Yeah | rise ] 
In that case , you drive slower 
Yeah 
Since the Yongdian leaders are there , the sales supervisors should all be there , they did n't do a good job so the assistant sales manager was also asked to go , I 'm worried it will have a negative impact .
Is it worth discussing ? 
Do n't worry , if I do n't go nobody will be there , I 'll do the talking 
It 's not good if nobody goes 
I mean that if one of use 3 goes , it wo n't be for nothing , and it would n't be very proper to have Chen Jiao and Little Ruan go .
If it is very regular , the office will do the notifying , so why did Li Jin do the notifying ? 
They could n't reach that level or recognition .
And now Yongdian is working alone with the state international company , yesterday I talked with Manager Qiu and Manager Zuo , and including Yongdian directly quoting prices and providing costs to the international company , that is against the rules .
Manager Qiu said he 'll find some time to talk with the Yongdian leaders .
So the boss wo n't go 
Yea , so do n't mention the Iran power meter project 
I understand what you mean ! There 's no reason to criticize fighting for the interests of one 's brothers and sisters , but it will create uncontrollable factors , brother , will you consider it again ? 
Do n't worry , go 
Actually , between us two , one of us really should go ! You really do n't have time ? 
Tomorrow my father - in - law is inviting someone to eat and wants me to drive to pick them up 
My mother - in - law came over from Nantong to see a doctor , I have to go with her to the second hospital tomorrow , she has a reservation with the expert clinic , I ca n't go .
It 's not easy for him to get me to do something 
Let 's do this , and if it wo n't work I 'll go tomorrow , I wo n't look after my mother - in - law .
You should know that one of us 2 should go , otherwise it wo n't be suitable 
Listen to my analysis 
You and I should go and make our position known for our project , that 's not easy 
If one person goes , we ca n't avoid isolating others , and actually Houcai is the most suitable 
If not even one person goes 
If I go it will be a swindle for sure , a farce .
If you express your position , you may fall into their trap 
Consider it 
I thought it over for 10 minutes , look at the draft .
Li Jinfang booked it , damn .
No problem , you can add one 
It 's not a big deal , its to give them a plan 
Yongdian 
Actually I think nobody 's going from our international side , if you go you must express your position 
Yongdian has n't made a lot of things in this international market clear , they have n't cooperated as closely as Nongdian , Dianwang , and Biandian .
So it 's not good if we do n't go , got it ? 
It 's worse if we go , got that ? 
But if you go the target is too large , that 's not very good 
It 's better for me to go than those two .
Then you go 
Forget it , say no more , lets discuss it over dinner ! 
Are you there ? 
Yes ( From mobile phone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] : voice talk , effective communication ! ) 
Liu Yin and I are going to Shenzhen from the 10th to the 12th 
Okay 
Will you be there ? 
Yes 
Let ’s meet if you have time .
However , we live in Baoan 
Is it far from where you are ? 
Okay . I ’ll go pick you up 
Is it the plane or the high speed rail ? 
High speed rail 
It ’s very late 
I wo n’t arrive until 10:30 at night 
I ’ll take a taxi 
No problem 
No need to bother you 
I ’ll pick you up 
Do n’t bother . It ’s too late 
I ’ll take a taxi 
Is it convenient to get a taxi at the high speed rail station ? 
We usually go to bed at midnight 
Truly . There ’s no need 
It ’s very convenient to get a taxi at the high speed rail station 
Great 
It ’s very close for me to go there . It takes 10 minutes to drive there 
Does it only take 10 minutes ? 
Are you very close to the high speed rail station ? 
The high speed rail is behind where I live , at the back of Futian 
Oh 
It ’s very close by car 
Did you buy a car in Shenzhen ? 
It ’s the car from Zhanjiang 
Hehe , did you drive it over ? 
The registered residence will only be established next month 
Right 
Your daughter and wife have gone there already 
After I pick you up there , we can take the highway to Baoan 
Do we still need to take the highway ? 
Not yet . I can only buy a house after the registered residence is set up 
They told me that it ’s also very fast to take the subway 
Yes , but it takes too long 
Oh 
You need to transfer to where I live and then transfer to Baoan 
Okay . I ’ll give you a call when the time comes 
Oh 
Remember my number in Shenzhen 
Yes 
Okay , see you then 
Is Liu Yin also =taking the train ? 
Um 、 
She is not taking the high speed rail 
She is traveling to Luohu 
She is taking the train to the Shenzhen Station 
Is it on the same day ? 
No 
She ’ll arrive at 8 a.m. on the 10th 
I ’ll arrive at 10:22 p.m. on the 10th 
I ’ll contact her later . I can pick her up 
Hehe 
The 10th is a Friday . Do n’t you go to work ? 
I ’ve been here for half a year already . Ca n’t I be lazy for a little bit ? 
No problem 
It ’s a lot more convenient to have a car 
Yes 
I see that you are chatting enthusiastically 
Why do n’t you talk 
Always 
Are you busy ? 
Sometimes , it ’s not good to chat on QQ during work . I was in my own office before . Now , I ’m in a public (( office )) 
Oh 
It seems that you are not busy at work , are you ? 
I ’m also busy 
There is a pile of work 
I just do n’t want to do it 
That ’s right . This is the Communist Party ’s business 
Haha 
What grade is your child in ? 
Third grade 
Ours is in second grade 
He will soon be third grade 
It ’s the same 
I need to go out for a little while 
[ Goodbye | 88 ] 
Okay 
[ Goodbye | 88 ] 
Has the matter regarding your son been settled ? 
It 's settled 
That 's great . Where is he going to study ? 
Canada 
Oh , he 's still planning to go abroad . Is he studying for the SAT now ? 
He 'll take the test =after he goes aboard 
Oh , when will he leave ? 
At the end of August , at the earliest 
I hate to be =parted from him 
=parted 
He ’s a boy . Let them go . I also hate to be parted from mine , but we have no choice 
Did you go back to China ? 
Yeah , I have been back for over 10 days 
Your son did n’t go back , right ? 
He came back . He 'll go to Beijing to apply for a visa and go again 
Will he go by himself ? 
Yeah , this time he really can only depend on himself 
It 's good that you guys =stayed with him for a year 
Yeah , he should adapt more quickly 
We do n't have much choice 
He has never been parted from us 
By then let your son go to graduate school in the US 
It 's a very good arrangement 
As people at a certain age with an empty nest , let 's think of some ways to be happy 
Give me your son 's contact address then 
Canada is close to the US . Maybe we can go meet your son and hang out together [ emoticon ] 
Okay . He does n't have a phone now . The address is : University of Wisconsin - Madison . It is right in the city of Madison and is easy to find . It 's the capital 
The city is not big but very comfortable 
My son ’s does n’t have good habits . I 'm afraid that he wo n't be able to take good care of himself 
He 'll be fine when he goes abroad , because nobody can help him out there . They will naturally mature more quickly 
It 'd be great if that 's the case 
Yeah , I have this expectation too 
What I 'm worried about most is that my son goes abroad and does n't study hard , which is a waste of time and also a waste of money 
They would n't be like that . This is something they understand at least 
I hope they will be as you said . I have been extremely torn these two months 
It ’s nothing to be torn about . There are many , many of this kind of families nowadays 
It has been delayed for a year 
Not really . Is n't he leaving soon ? 
He is going to a college - preparatory school , right ? 
Yeah 
It still does n't matter . It 's really nothing for a boy to be late for a year 
I also heard that it 's not really a year for preparatory classes . Whenever you overcome the language barrier , you can start your undergraduate . Maybe he can do it in three months 
I see 
I went back to Dunkou 
Yeah 
Let 's get together when we have a chance 
What do you mean ? Wo n't you come over again ? 
I live in Dunkou 
Okay . It depends on your schedule . I ’m okay anytime 
Okay 
Wait till we arrange everything for the kid 
Okay . I 'm at your service 
Has your son applied for the visa ? 
He ’s applied . I estimate he 'll get it at the end of the month 
That 's good . Have you bought the flight tickets ? 
We 'll reserve flights as soon as we get the visa 
Prices are a little high now . If there is no problem with the visa , you could reserve them first 
We 're afraid that the visa will be refused 
Did n't you say that you applied the visa ? It wo n't be a problem if they kept the passport 
They have n't replied yet 
All materials have been sent to the embassy 
I 'm sorry . I just answered a phone call 
That 's all right 
Oh , then Canada is different from the US . You apply for US visas in person . If they keep your passport , it means you pass . If they do n't keep passport , it means you are refused 
I have to go out . Let 's chat again when we have a chance 
Hi Uncle Wang ! 
Hi , I was thinking of you this morning 
How are things there ? 
Doing bidding work 
Good , that 's not bad 
Haha 
Study study 
I 'm also doing bidding 
[ expression ] Wow 
Uncle Wang understands every field 
Technology , sales , production , bidding 
You did design and bidding , you have a future 
I 'm not mainly doing bidding 
Haha 
Are you still going on a lot of business trips ? 
Have any new photos I can see you in ? 
Yea , still going abroad 
Wow 
Take a look 
The photo ? 
Mine ? 
Yea 
None of the ones in my work computer are clear 
They were taken with colleagues while singing at KTV , so they are very dark 
Have a boyfriend ? 
I must 
From Nantong ? 
Yea 
Ah [ expression ] 
But congrats 
Many thanks 
You 'll stay in Nantong ? 
I 'm not sure 
I 'll see where I can develop reliably 
Let me see a recent photo of you 
I feel like I have more ups and downs than before 
Probably because I have to work overtime a lot 
No , I think you have an inner quality and will never be old 
Everyone gets old 
This is a problem that can never be avoided 
Send me one to see 
I do n't have any good photos , so I wo n't send any 
~~(╯ ﹏ ╰ ) b 
That wo n't do 
You wo n't even let me see any 
Why not send a recent photo for me to see ? 
Haha 
You must have a lot 
I do have a lot , you first have to give me one to see 
Send one for me to see first 
This will be more fair 
Haha 
Is he there ? 
No , he ’s not 
I need you to revise the conference guide for the gathering . I think the cover page is not good 
This is the original template 
Why is everyone bullying me ? 
Members of the conference team : Yin Fugui , Xiao Jian , Qian Yihua , Long Jun , Yan Weizhe , Zhou Zhihao , Yin Jinghao , Liu Hong , Tang Zhiwei , Huang Xinglong , Xie Anjun , and Long Haibiao 
It ’s bullying . I ’m not even a member of the conference team ! [ expression ] 
It ’s not finalized yet . I did n’t organize this but I can change it and add all the area chiefs 
Um , that ’s better . [ expression ] 
You need to notify the people in your area to submit a photo . Have you worked it out yet ? 
I assigned the video duty to Lao Kang , haha 
I already notified them to sent it directly to Chief Zhou .
Revise the guide as soon as possible . Send it to the people earlier so it will be easier to arrange for the trip 
Have you finished with the revision yet ? 
I think you did a good job 
The cover page is not good 
It ’s not bad 
Do n’t you always say that you have high standard ? 
I think you ’re good and there is no conflict 
The Renbishi Secondary School at the upper left corner and the picture at the bottom are not quite symmetrical 
The header on the cover page needs to be deleted 
How do I delete it ? 
How do I manipulate it so it wo n’t show the blank space ? 
Is he there ? 
Do n’t be anxious , Chief Qian . I ’m writing sensational words . You lack this 
I revised it a bit . Take a look 
I have them 
The header of the cover page needs to be deleted 
You know that it is countrified as well 
Check which magazine this is 
You even incidentally do moonlighting 
The cover page has the Logo of Renbishi Secondary School . Or shall we delete the line for Renbishi Secondary School ? 
Um , too ugly 
Do n’t use the logo 
It ’s very ugly 
It is 
Can we have sensational words ? 
I think that it ’s pretty good 
Um , I ’m happy to have the compliment of Chief Qian 
Take a look and see how it is 
Have you found the magazine yet ? 
No , I have n’t . I only know that it ’s from Poland 
How does the revision of the conference guide look this way ? 
I was teasing you . Do n’t add my name onto it 
I already added it . Area chief is responsible for it 
Otherwise , if people contact me , I will be in Turkey 
Are n’t you coming ? 
I did n’t put your phone number . Do n’t worry 
I ’m going to Turkey on Sunday 
Actually , it is indirectly related to Tang Zhiwei that I can not come ! [ expression ] 
Is it this Sunday ? 
Yes 
Did you move it up ? 
When are you coming back ? 
I pushed it back . Originally , we would go on July 28 and return on August 8 . The communication part is the quota coordinated with Zhongxing .
As it turned out , we were stabbed in the back by Zhongxing last month so we had no choice but to push it back . Tell me , does n’t it have something to do with Tang Zhiwei ? 
Hack him 
Is the guide okay ? 
It was the oldest magazine of electrical engineers in Poland . It was first published in 1919 
Is it SCI ? 
Um , right .
That ’s it then 
Thomson Technological Information Network Scientific Index Electrical Review ( Philadelphia list ) . Impact factor : 0.242 
What does it mean ? The impact factor is very low 
I ’m going to sleep now . Let ’s chat in the afternoon 
What afternoon ? It is the afternoon already 
It ’s not high . Do what you see fit 
0.242 , will there be nothing next year ? 
It wo n’t . It ’s a time - honored brand 
You have completed the task and fulfilled the quota ! I need to learn from Wang Jun ! 
Was your picture scanned ? 
Yes , give me some compliments 
I will also go look for it at night 
I just made some compliments of you to the commander 
The conference guide has been approved and sent to the group to share 
What day are you coming back ? 
Who is the commander ? 
Send the picture to Zhou Zhihao 
Yin Fugui 
Um , what did he say ? 
He praised you for being talented 
The picture is not clear 
What is the name ? 
Is it clear ? 
It ’s okay 
He ignored people and left 
It was mediocre . It was very countrified then 
It was simple , very good . You will complain about how countrified it is now in 10 years .
I always admire you . You actually said something that I despise so much 
Time flies , you wrote that , haha 
Is it the only one ? 
How many do you need ? You have some of them 
Do you have this one ? [ expression ] 
=No , I do n’t . Oh , you are too much ! 
Chief Qian showed poise and refinement . She had remarkable disposition then ! 
Um , Number 1 was impressive in appearance ! 
Why did you wear an army cap then ? [ expression ] 
You still had short hair then . You had long hair after finishing college . It was an obvious difference 
IMG , it was an idiotic look 
[ expression ] but it was precious 
Oh , it belonged to the fellow villager from the police academy . Do you remember ? 
It should be the only group picture of the female students 
I do n’t remember . Do n’t you have this kind of picture ? 
Do you still have pictures of me there ? 
I have the group pictures . I do n’t have the idiotic one . I do n’t have your two either 
Of course I do 
Send them to me to take a look 
I ’m not giving you ! 
Such attitude . Did I offend you again ? 
There ’s no benefit . I ’m not giving .
I do n’t have any benefit either . I provide you with the pictures selflessly 
Did n’t I give you the Gang of Four picture yesterday selflessly ? 
Why do you pay if you are not coming ? 
Paying is a matter of attitude ! 
You are so active now but wo n’t show up at the time . You will be scolded [ expression ] 
I ask that Chief Qian take care of me ! 
I sent you two yesterday 
Why ? 
I just went to work 
Nothing . I am just harassing you .
Do n’t you take a break at noon ? 
You have the nerve . You forced me to write that thing yesterday . It was 1:00 when I finished and we started work at 1:00 . You then took a break 
I was talking about today , ok ? 
You start work at 1:00 ? We start at 2:00 
It is an aftereffect from yesterday . It caused me to not rest well today 
Then , do you get off early ? 
5:20 
5:30 for us 
Are there still peaches from Yangshan now ? They are very delicious 
I ’ve never eaten one ! 
What are Yanshan peaches ? You ’re not just saying it to me , are you ? 
Do you still have any pictures , Chief Qian … .
They are from Yanshan , Wuxi . You should have heard about them when you are in Nanjing 
Are they from Suzhou ? 
I ’ve never eaten one . Allegedly , you can drink with a straw , ca n’t you ? 
They are delicious but they are not that exaggerated 
Chief Qian , send me a few more pictures 
That ’s all I have 
I still have one of Zhou Hua . Do you want it ? [ expression ] 
No , I do n’t ! 
One for Yin Fugui , do you want it ? 
I do n’t have any more of you 
Do you still have others with the idiotic look ? 
I looked for them in a rush this morning . These are the few that I have .
Other than Chief Qian 
Get them from other pretty women and use collecting pictures as an excuse 
In my eyes , other than Chief Qian , we did n’t have other pretty woman in our class : ) 
It feels good … . I did n’t see that you were so glib - tongued when we were at school [ expression ] 
I ’m slow in response 
This one is good . It was a lovely round face 
It was probably the first year of university 
All the original ones were good judging from now [ expression ] 
It should be the winter break in the first year of university . You had long hair after that 
Why did you still say that it was an idiotic look ? 
Youth is invincible . Have n’t you heard that before ? 
How about that ? I said the right thing . The memory is fresh out of admiration . It is like carved by a knife 
The girl is taller than I am in the blink of an eye . Time and tide age a man 
The most handsome one is actually Shujie 
Is that right ? Then I ’ll have to switch it with another one . I got one casually on the computer 
Um , that ’s right . Switch it 
I ’ll look for it when I get home 
How about that ? 
That ’s quite interesting 
The graduation picture is well - kept 
Only that the scan is not good 
The resolution is high and the document is large . It ’s difficult to send 
Yes , what Chief Qian said was absolutely right 
Hello 
I 'm Shangcheng Media 
I 'm sending you the information on this year 's events 
Right , thank you 
You 're welcome 
Hello . Can we change the cover page of the PPT a little ? We ca n't change it here 
It can be changed . What content do you want to change ? ( mobile QQ can now do video chat ! http : / / mobile . qq . com ) 
We need to change both the side of the logo and the yellow headline on the cover page 
Change it to the headline that I just sent 
I did n't see that Dupont is hiring 
I probably will go to California 
I have an oral offer today 
Are you changing your job ? 
I 'm currently just an intern 
And it 's not necessarily I can stay 
With the new job , I can apply for H1B 
You do n't know yet 
Is it better than your current job ? What 's the position ? 
It 's the same position , but official 
Not an intern 
The pay is higher 
That 's pretty good then – have a good title first .
So - so 
Mainly , I want to stay here 
Yeah . Congratulations ! Moving is pretty tiring .
Yeah 
I got so excited about the first formal offer 
Yeah . Do you have time to come back to school to hang out before you go to California ? 
Yeah 
It 's still early 
It wo n't be that easy to move 
Okay . Let 's get together when you have time to come over next time . By the way , did you buy a car ? 
I bought one , which is the tragedy 
What price did you buy it at ? 
That ’s so expensive ! So will you drive slowly to California ? 
I do n't know . I might not go 
How have you been lately ? 
Have n't seen you in a long time 
You also =seldom appear 
Just like before , monotonous life 
Seldom 
Been in a dark place lately [ expression ] 
Fishing is very monotonous 
How have you been lately ? 
Busy 
Have guests at home 
Busy inside and outside 
Fishing is only on the weekend 
Relatives ? 
The in - laws all came 
I 'm going back to # # the day after tomorrow .
Then you 're used to it 
Busy 
Make a good impression [ expression ] 
Living habits are very different , but I am just saying nonsense 
Whenever I want to say it the husband appears 
It 's hard getting along with the mother - in - law 
It 's better that we do n't live together 
Just be more open - minded is all [ expression ] 
Remain silent 
Sometimes the one in our family says some nonsense , and it 's hard to deal with the rest , but I am already used to it [ expression ] 
Did you feel trapped ? 
If I 'm too open minded I wo n't have any face [ expression ] 
It 's really hard feeling trapped .
Yea 
So I choose to speak less and do more 
My mother - in - law thinks I 'm really hard working , so she does n't give me a hard time 
When I get a chance I go to the factory to get in a better mood or go fishing , I regulate myself [ expression ] 
Are your parents still living with you in Guangzhou ? 
Sometimes I act like an ostrich [ expression ] 
They are in the # # city district , we live in # # 
It 's a lot better if you have another place to go to , you just have to go together 
We say 2 days a week in the city district 
May be a difference in values 
Have you thought about what you 'll do when you 're old ? 
Will you insist on bein with your children ? 
When I 'm old there 's a good solutino : one fishing pole in the river [ expression ] 
Your wife will want to be with the children 
Probably 
It 's not good to always be with them 
You work , I 'm getting off now 
Bye 
Qiong , I saw you 've changed your route . Last Friday , I went to visit my uncle , because I 've always felt I owed him something , and so I decided to act on it 
Hehe , are they OK ? 
It 's just I felt my uncle and aunt are getting old , and it looks like they lead a rather simple , honest life , and the clothes my uncle and aunt wear really are a little too old - fashioned now 
But it seems their income is not too bad 
They 're probably used to being thrifty , and really worse than people in the countryside [ emoticon ] 
Are you going over to Shenzhen on Saturday ? 
Ah 
I 'm getting there on Friday evening 
How many days are you planning to stay in Shenzhen ? 
Saturday and Sunday 
In that case , there will not be much time , and it 'll be really tiring 
I 'm just going for a couple of days 
My uncle also asked you to go and visit him 
There wo n't be enough time this time 
Maybe next time 
What means of transport are you planning to use to come over ? 
High - speed rail 
How many hours will that take ? To be =honest with you , I have n't yet been on high - speed rail [ emoticon ] 
High - speed rail is really quick 
Not quite 5 hours 
to get to Shenzhen 
It 's meal time now . Where are you eating ? 
In the office 
Something I brought myself 
and made by my maid this morning 
Has n't the meal gone cold by now ? 
No big deal in a hot day 
Sun Li , its hard to find you online . Are you working today ? 
How 's your work ? Are you still with your original company 
I am working today 
Leilei 
I 'm in Shanghai 
I found a new job 
At Shanghai SouFun . com 
Ha ha , what do you do there 
I entered the Editing Department , 
However , now I 've been put into doing commercial development 
Every day I have to contact businesses to occupy our community network 
Oh , this is quite challenging , however it is actually quite a good challenge for you 
It is very good exercise 
I have to go out to do business every day 
Yeah , that 's so , very challenging , about the same as sales 
Ha ha , Sun Li is going to slowly turn into a professional woman 
How could I have imagined this 
This does not match your personality very much 
But it is great 
55 , a bit of jubilation a bit of worry 
I am really looking forward to it , you will have definitely changed a lot 
There 's nothing I can do , I resigned from my last company in April 
Later I could just not find a good job in Wuhan 
Why did you resign 
So I decided to come to Shanghai and see 
Yeah , did anyone come with you 
Have you gotten an apartment and whatnot 
The room for development as a administrative assistant at the company was very small 
The company 's efficiency was n't that good either 
Oh 
No , I just came alone 
That 's great 
I came over tried to rely on Zhang Danping 
Coming out and striving can bring you a very large change 
I have an apartment and stuff 
At a minimum you 'll be braver and more self confident 
What is Zhang Danping doing 
Yeah , I also think this 
In school or working 
You 're not that faint hearted when doing things 
It should be like this 
She is still looking for a job 
That s ... You come and help her , she has n't found a job herself 
Her family is in Shanghai 
She is also from Hubei 
Floating around here 
OK , then is she relying on you then 
So how is your compensation now 
How much are your monthly wages 
She came over first , 
When I was looking for a job I crashed with her there for the better part of a month 
Also just 4,000 
3,200 during the trial period 
SouFun is very stingy 
Oh , then when you find a job invite her to have a meal 
So how much for rent and living fees each month then 
I 'm preparing to go to him there on the weekend to buy some food and cook something tasty up for her 
My cooking has greatly advanced now 
Rent 800 , 800 for food 
I do n't need to go to a restaurant , I directly resolve it at home 
200 or so for transportation , 
It is too expensive to eat out 
Yeah , is 4,000 before tax or after tax 
Before tax 
Oh 
I think its just enough to keep me warm and fed 
But you can still save a little 
Do n't worry , work at it slowly 
Actually , everything is deducted away , it 's about the same as Wuhan 
You 'll have more opportunities if you work hard 
I can save some money 
Yeah , that 's so 
There are more things you can learn in Shanghai than in Wuhan 
Sharpen your skills 
I think the work atmosphere here is different 
Everybody works overtime and longer of their own accord 
That 's so , take advantage of this opportunity to really study 
You can learn just as much as at college 
Yeah , I will 
Ha ha , how are your circumstances 
Is there anything new 
? 
Right , in that area 
The circumstances 
Headquarters are in Pudong 
I 'm talking about boyfriends 
My current office is in Minhang 
Oh 
Ugh , there has been no progress 
Do you have a boyfriend or not 
Are you making any progress with your boyfriend 
No 
Big headed 
Do n't want to deal with this 55 
Why so big headed 
I believe , you will find one that will have Zhang Jinhu regretting it 
This matter is fairly bothersome 
Why 
He he , not as simple as looking for a job 
Do you have someone you 're secretly in love with 
? 
No 
In such a short time , I really have n't met anyone suitable 
Work at it slowly , it 's not yet time 
Yeah 
Do you have two days off on the weekends ? 
What time is it for you over there ? 
Its 12 o'clcok 
Yeah 
Yes 
Oh 
So how often do you go back to Wuhan ? 
I 'm going to go have lunch in a bit 
I just came less than a month ago 
Yeah , OK , go then 
I also need to go to sleep , I 've worked overtime until 12 o'clock 
I expect it will be Chinese New Year 's before I can return yeah 
I was just going to go offline and you came 
So hard working , Leilei 
Yeah , when I have an opportunity to return to China I 'll see if I can transfer in Shanghai and meet up with you 
If I do n't go out in the morning then I will be on QQ 
Yeah , too busy during the holidays 
OK 
Then I 'll come chat with you on the weekend 
Tomorrow morning I still have to go to work 
I 'm going to go to sleep , ha 
Yeah , that OK too 
Yeah , go then 
Good night ha 
[ Expression ] [ bye bye~ | 88 ] 
Have you got everything ready ? 
There was nothing much to get ready 
I 'm taking several changes of clothes 
Hehe 
and a swimsuit ? 
Hmm 
I will have to spend the whole day tomorrow at Happy Valley 
Your child should take a sun hat 
It 'll probably be very hot 
What is the best type ? 
Of what ? 
Sun hat 
The ones for girls are all very beautiful 
You should take some sunscreen along for your child 
I wonder if the sun will be strong there 
I 'm worried about getting sunburnt 
The sun will definitely be strong 
You 'd mainly get sunburnt going to Happy Valley . The Sea World must be =indoors , right ? 
The Sea World is indoors 
It 's OK 
I was looking at a sun protection top yesterday , and I thought it did n't look nice , and so did n't buy it .
You wo n't have time 
It 'll be OK , if it 's not at the seaside 
If we were swimming at the seaside , we would get sunburnt 
In any case , we 're not going in the water 
I normally take an umbrella . I 'm not sure what hat to buy 
A children 's hat 
I think whatever I =wear will not look good . I tried it out yesterday evening 
It 's sufficient for an adult to use an umbrella 
I had a look at children 's ones yesterday evening as well , and did n't pick out a nice - looking one . I 'm going for another stroll in a little while [ emoticon ] 
Hehe 
You 'd better get one with a string , so it does n't get blown away 
My family has many suitable for boys 
So does my family 
But I do n't think they look nice [ emoticon ] 
If you 've got one , take it along , and have it ready just in case 
I thought of buying a hat 
You ca n't use an umbrella in Happy Valley , and I think it would be terrible to be exposed to the sun for a whole day 
While you 're having fun , you would be getting sunburnt 
Sunscreen 
It 's of no use either . After a day roasting in the sun , your skin would be red 
and the next day it would be black 
Keep putting it on 
Sunscreen only works for a certain period of time 
However , I have now tanned a lot to begin with , and if I get any more tan , I will look like Zhenya [ emoticon ] 
Your skin is so fair 
Have you contacted Mingsheng about being met at the station ? 
I got a good tan over the summer , but my daughter 's skin is very fair 
I spoke to him yesterday 
and told him the train number and time 
OK 
As a person , he seems very honest , sort of trustworthy , someone not given to chitchat [ emoticon ] 
Hmm 
It looks like it was just these , I think 
Hehe 
I 'm taking along some medicine for children and what - not 
You do n't necessarily have to take them 
Take what ? 
Some common medicine for children . I always take some of them when I travel 
Hehe 
I 'm taking coat hangers 
Hmm 
I 'll take some as well 
I 'll take some little coat hangers for my little one 
I do n't trust other people 's 
In any case , I 'm planning to take two trolley suitcases , one for each of the two brothers 
So they do n't fight 
[ emoticon ] Fighting over things like this ? 
They both want to enjoy themselves pulling along the suitcases 
Let them simply have one each 
Take a bath towel 
I can put it over my kids in the hotel 
Quilts in hotels are normally very thick 
They would be too hot to =put fully over a child 
and if you just put a bit of one over them , it 'd be easy to kick the quilt off 
That 's right . I had n't thought of taking a bath towel 
I generally get a bath towel ready to take along with me for them 
Yes , I should take one along [ emoticon ] 
I 'm taking a little washbasin , so I can wash clothes 
I 'm taking long - sleeved tops for my children 
and pants 
It 's very cold in the evening on the train 
You can wash clothes by rinsing them under the faucet 
Something to wear in bed ? After all , you 're experienced 
The temperature on the train is very low 
Even adults find it cold 
You can get your child to put pants on , rather than wearing a skirt , when you 're on the train 
OK . Hehe . It 's a good job you warned me [ emoticon ] 
I will go shopping , and see if there are any suitable hats [ emoticon ] 
Hehe , [ bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Qiong , I 've finished all my shopping 
Hehe , I got everything by going to a mother and baby store 
Hehe 
I bought two hats 
Haha 
One of them just has the visor at the front , and the other is a full hat 
I also picked out one with a visor for myself , and for my baby , I bought that herbal sun protection type , hehe 
What time is your train tomorrow ? 
5:25 
in the afternoon 
I 'm leaving straight from work at four o'clock 
Well , are n't you getting everything ready in the morning ? 
Oh , my mistake , tomorrow 
I 'll pack my things when I get home this evening 
I 'm going to pack after leaving work [ emoticon ] 
This Qingfeng 
I will feel bad if I do n't reprimand him 
Qiong , Zhihua has asked me to go to the children 's park for fun 
Tomorrow ? 
Yes 
He said Happy Valley is more appropriate for older children 
There are many things there that little ones would n't be able to enjoy 
Oh 
In that case , it 's OK 
I 'll have another look on the Internet later to see what amusements there are there 
Hmm 
Can you look up how to get to the Ocean Park ? 
Just in case Mingsheng is tied up and ca n't be the driver 
Zhihua said he would ask his wife to take me 
Oh , I made a mistake . I meant to say tomorrow 
They 're having their get - together the day after tomorrow , and his wife is also going to go to the station to meet people 
Have you mentioned going to the Sea World to Mingsheng ? 
Not yet 
Last time Niu said he would ask Xuebing to go with us . I do n't know whether that is true or not 
No response ? 
Hmm 
I think it will have to be Happy Valley 
There 's nothing to do at the children 's park 
Hehe 
They just have things that my little one normally plays with 
and has played them at home , and it 's boring 
OK 
There are also things for children at Happy Valley 
You could also go to the beach 
Hmm 
That 's settled then 
I wo n't listen to what he says 
Hehe 
Qiong , do n't forget to take your driver 's license 
We 'll see at the time if we can get a car so we can go 
OK 
The second floor bathroom is repaired . How is it now ? 
Oh 
Okay 
It does n't leak anymore 
I finished reading 
I saw in the minutes of the renovation company that the new contract is sent to the Administrative Department for filing . Have they sent it yet ? 
Send me a copy to take a look 
Oh 
It was sent . However , Attorney Liu has not finished going over it yet 
Send it to me after he is done going over it 
The renovation company said to let Attorney Liu read it first . This is external document .
Read it now . Wait a moment . I 'll send it to you 
All right .
What 's the matter ? 
Fan Zhenzhen is asking me about the Sanshang review script matter . I told her to ask Manager Gao 
Okay 
I already told Fan Zhenzhen that the things I found online were all techniques 
We 're not sure about the focus and the purpose of the review here either 
Gao Wei told Fan Zhenzhen to ask me for the script .
I am fainting 
[ emoticon ] So humiliating this time 
If it 's really an act then it 's too hurtful .
There is so much negative news this time .
The Athletic Association directed it , it ’s [ self - interests | interests ] causing trouble 
But if it ’s random suspicion , the harm to Liu is very serious too . Feels as though one has eaten flies .
He ca n't call the shots either 
Pulling out of the race twice and still wanting to come out again , who 's going to believe his story of the wolf coming ? He should retire .
He was hidden away after withdrawing in Beijing . Afraid the media would investigate the truth 
Since his Achilles tendon has broken , can he still do the hurdles =again ? Is he not afraid of breaking it again ? 
For the sake of 300 million in sponsorship fees 
Henceforth who will buy tickets for his appearance ? I reckon there will be no interest in televising his competitions either .
His parents were taken to London in advance to go shopping every day 
For the sake of his family , and also the Athletic Association , he will not withdraw 
His mother even encouraged him to continue doing the hurdles after his leg injury heals . I truly do n't know how she can be a mother . Does she really love this career so much ? She does n't even want her son anymore .
But he ca n't have the final say in the market . What business value will he have if no one supports him anymore ? 
Before the Olympics his mother hyped it up for show , saying he 'd go for matchmaking right after it ends 
Gas prices have risen again .
Oh yes , it has risen really fast ! Going to fill up 
It has already risen .
Till after twelve o'clock 
I do n't have a chance . My car is in Wuhan .
Yes . Did n't even admit having a nerve block injection 
It looks like he 's really acting . A lot of news have come out again . There are secrets .
He was originally unable to compete but entered anyway 
There were already people microblogging on the 4th predicting such an outcome , it ’s =exactly the same . Truly miraculous 
Nothing could be done . It left Xiang ’s fans speechless .
The foot injury is real , but he had to go and put on an act so as to keep on cheating money 
Slept uncomfortably that night when the women 's volleyball team lost . Aggrieved . Should n't lose to Japan , no matter what . The coach 's instruction was a blunder .
This is really unacceptable . Really made a fool of the audience that loved him . Many people specially went to London to watch this competition .
The [ Fédération Internationale de Volleyball | FIVB ] President said that the leaders have hurt the athletes in striving to achieve extraordinary things 
They could have totally fielded a novice and win 
Coach 's problem , should have fielded Chu Jinling . Two main attackers were so tired they could n't even =jump .
They all could n't even jump up 
There are also a lot of rumors and even scandals .
I ca n't tell right from wrong now .
The Sports Bureau is extremely [ shady | black ] . It ’s money causing trouble 
=Which bureau is n't [ shady | black ] ? 
The country is [ shady | black ] . There might be problems at the [ 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China | 18 Big ] .
The administration is going to be changed , they all want to fight for the positions , using athletes ' lives to pave the road 
My stocks are neither dead nor alive , depressed . Is yours okay ? 
The =rumors are very bad . Otherwise would the central authorities specifically call and intervene ? 
Non-ferrous stocks are rising all right 
No way to move . There 's really little hope for the future .
I hear there is room to rise for three to =four hundred 
If it can be released , I ’ll quickly get out . Ca n't afford to play anymore , and not interested in playing with this most [ shady | black ] casino either .
You have now bought non-ferrous stocks ? 
The Central Bank wo n't dare to loosen up . Real estate wo n’t [ cooperate | listen ] 
There is a feeling that the top seems to be slightly out of control .
It ’s still the previous one , waiting to be released from it 
Did n't you turn all your capitals into securities ? 
A little 
I chatted with [ Tai | A - Tai ] last week for most of the day . It seems he is still able to accept my opinion .
Oh 
I think his attitude is still pretty good 
Had a bad mood last week . Now it 's much better 
He was all right when I chatted with him .
Lost quite a lot of hair 
[ Tai | A - Tai ] ? 
Yeah 
He did n't talk about this . I could n't tell from the pictures of their gathering .
He sweats a lot and has potassium deficiency , that will make him lose hair too 
Has n’t he been drinking traditional Chinese medicine all along ? 
I asked him to try to go out less 
Okay . I 'll remind him next time we chat .
Wu Yang resigned and came back . He 'll come and look for me .
Yeah . He took the training form , but he does n't know whether it ’s better to participate in management or be a butler 
I suggested that he work as a butler . This position is quite short - staffed in high - end hotel brands .
I told him not to hurry , go to participate and try them all 
Everyone else came back . He 's a little anxious 
I said others do so for the sake of making more money . We do n't need that either 
I specifically told him this . The biggest enemy now is impetuousness . Must overcome this . Be =dedicated to one 's own determined goals .
The majority are running to Macau .
Exactly . I told him today he must follow the prescribed order . Participate more in various kinds of training to lay a foundation . He himself is still young and has no need to hurry 
Our opinions are the same .
Going to Longcheng with Wu Yang now 
His mood is too impetuous . Said he did n't learn anything in half a year . I said , keep a calmer attitude and only regard it as going to travel .
Saisai , I 'll be going with other three students from [ Huazhong University of Science & Technology | Hua Tech ] to Purdue University on Saturday the 26th . Will you be there at that time ? 
Of course I ’ll be there ! ( Sent from Mobile QQ 2012 [ iPhone ] : Voice Chat , Effective Communication ! ) 
Call me when the time comes 
Yeah . Okay . Those three are all from the School of Naval Architecture & Ocean Engineering 
Okay 
We 'll meet in Chicago and then go to Purdue together . One of them is studying in Japan , then coming for exchange in Purdue for two months 
So happy 
Yes . We 'll stay one night at Purdue on Saturday night , and then go to the University of Notre Dame , and we ’ll be in Chicago on Monday 
See if we can have dinner together on Saturday night when the time comes . Haha , I ’m so excited 
Okay , okay ! I ’m so happy ! 
The only group photo 
I 'll have a look [ emoticon ] 
Accept it 
I did n't see you have sent it 
There 's a problem with QQ again 
I 've sent it again 
Can you see it ? 
I 'm not able to receive it 
Gosh 
Hello Chief Qian 
Leader , you ’re very active ( From QQ for iPhone : http://mobile.qq.com ) 
You are high - ranked . Look , I reply to tenders and serve the leader at the same time 
I ’m waiting for Nao Nao to finish with the Mathematical Olympiad class 
You still stay in contact with Li Jiao , do n’t you ? 
Why take the Mathematical Olympiad class ? It ’s ravaging the flowers 
No , it was very easy to find . It ’s the English Department at the Huazhong University of Technology and Science . That ’s her school ’s website . I sent her an email to ask her to join the QQ group 
I have no choice . It would be nice to be as smart as you are . You did n’t need to worry about study 
Do n’t I still live a mediocre life ? 
Are you still not being able to let go ? Hehe 
You just have n’t flown yet 
What are you thinking ? We were all classmates , were n’t we ? 
It ’s like Sheng . It ’s their business whether they come or not . They should let us know . I do n’t care . It ’s you who wants to make this joke .
It ’s sunny if you are well . You have great bosom ! 
Nao Nao has come . I ’m logging off and leaving now . [ Goodbye | 8 ] 
Idiot , do n’t imagine things . I ’m not that petty . I also found Xiao Yanji ’s phone number and asked her to join the group . She is in Qingyuan 
I ’m here 
I ’ll be leaving in two days 
Are you reluctant to part ? 
A little . In fact , I do n’t want to run around in my heart 
That ’s right . Taking the plane is hard 
Yes . Besides , Turkey is very unrefined . Many of them do n’t speak English 
However , it is said that the people are very friendly 
Allegedly so . I want to transfer flight in Guangzhou and visit Ringleader Qian 
Do n’t be a hypocrite 
You do n’t believe me . Do n’t you see that I respond eagerly ? I give importance to affection to classmates and my native place . Otherwise , I would n’t bring people in everywhere 
Why ? You ignore people 
I just took a break 
[ Classmate Wang | Wang Tongxie ] , what instructions do you want to deliver ? 
I ’m ignoring you . You ignore people 
Comrade , it ’s lunch break . We come to work at 2:00 . Okay ? 
Speak 
Someone is here . In a minute 
How many can I see ? 
What time are you leaving on the night of the 17th . It ’s crucial 
After 10:00 at night 
Do n’t change it . You have to leave before you can drink some wine 
It ’s more like it if you leave on the 18th . Those from Yongxin will arrive at around 8:00 or so .
Okay . I will leave from Shanghai honestly 
Ca n’t you leave a day later ? 
Let the two of them discuss first 
There is n’t any flight from Guangzhou to Turkey on Saturday 
What about Hong Kong ? 
There are many choices flying out from Hong Kong 
I do n’t have the Hong Kong - Macau laissez - passer 
You do n’t need one . It ’s okay as long as you have an international air ticket . You can stay for seven days 
Last time I went to the United States , I left from Hong Kong 
I did n’t need Hong Kong - Macau laissez - passer 
Hong Kong will definitely have direct flight . Think about it 
I ca n’t enter Hong Kong .
How did you enter ? 
You can if you have a passport . Last time I went to the United States , the female PhD candidate from Xi’an Jiaotong University also did n’t have the permit but went to Hong Kong directly 
You can do it if you have a passport and an international air ticket leaving from Hong Kong 
I can vouch for it 
This is considered as Hong Kong transit 
From Guangzhou to Hong Kong ? 
How do I go there ? 
It ’s very convenient . Both the train and the ship will do 
Will people let me go through the customs ? 
They will . I ’ve told you clearly 
I guarantee that you can fly out from Hong Kong , guarantee [ expression ] 
Then , if I land in Hong Kong , can I enter the mainland China from Hong Kong ? 
Yes , you can . You can even stay in Hong Kong for seven days 
I left and came back from Hong Kong and I had never used a permit 
Is it really ? Do n’t repatriate me 
I vouch for it 
You still do n’t believe me 
It ’s not that . They all say that I ca n’t . They say that I need the Hong Kong - Macau laissez - passer 
It was because the PhD candidate from Xi’an Jiaotong University was the same last time .
She did n’t have a permit either and went to the United States from Hong Kong with me 
Do you have one ? 
Ignorant 
I did n’t have it either 
Did you buy the one from Hong Kong to the United States ? 
You can [ expression ] 
Is Hong Kong the place you arrive when you come back ? 
Did they not check you and what not ? 
As long as you have a passport and a plane ticket leaving from Hong Kong , you can stay in Hong Kong for seven days 
Did you return to Hong Kong and then enter the mainland China ? 
Yes 
You ’re very capable ! What about the ticketing number ? Let me try 
The girl from Xi’an Jiaotong University was the same . She returned to Shenzhen from Hong Kong and then flew back to Xi’an 
I do n’t have the ticketing number . You can go to the website called qunaer to check the air tickets 
Our family went to Thailand during the Spring Festival the same way . There is no need for a permit . You be completely rest - assured 
Do I pay directly online on Qunaer ? 
You can find an agent . I can find one as well 
Let me ask for you . What day are you leaving ? 
On the 18th . I ca n’t delay any longer . I ’ll return on the 1st .
I asked someone to check for you already 
I ’m worried 
You are a very good person 
Ringleader Qian , I can arrive tomorrow . If I do n’t have time to exchange the currency , you exchange 2,000 US dollars for me first at that time . I ’ll pay you 
Okay . Does Turkey use US dollars ? 
Either US dollars or Euro . Is n’t the Euro depreciating ? 
Why are you coming tomorrow ? It ’s only Thursday 
You can use credit card 
What exactly do you want to exchange ? 
US dollars . I ’ll see how my morning looks tomorrow . If I need to exchange any , I ’ll let you know then .
You ’re coming tomorrow already . You should have time to do the exchange . Of course , it ’s okay for me to exchange for you as well 
I still have other business in Guangzhou 
Are you staying at Sanyu ? 
No , I ’ll leave it for you . It may be useful . I ’m on a business trip . It ’s easily handled .
No , there ’s no problem . It ’ll be fine if I invoice you at that time and charge you with an agreed price 
If I stay there , I ’ll have to take up the quota tomorrow . There ’s no need 
You ’re not taking up the quota . From the point of the hotel , the more the better 
No problem . I ’ll find a hotel to stay myself for the 16th and the 17th .
I ’ve checked out already for the 18th and will carry the luggage to Sanyu . I ’m not staying . I ’ll have to leave at 9:00 at night 
US dollars , US dollars ! 
This is the agreed price of the work unit . You can stay at any time . It ’s not the conference price for this time .
How much is it ? 
It can be done . It departs from Guangzhou at 1:55 in the morning . There should n’t be any problem if I take a taxi at 10:00 , should there ? 
It should n’t 
Um , I dare not drink too much wine , otherwise , I ’ll fly to Syria 
I ’m not sure . You can just check 
Do I ask Manager Zhu ? 
Who ’s Manager Zhu ? 
The one at Sanyu 
Who do you want me to ask then ? 
What do you want to ask ? 
I thought you were asking about the exchange rate 
There is no need to ask about the exchange rate . The bank monopolizes it . There wo n’t be any even if you ask 
I was talking about the price of the Sanyu Hotel 
We ’re not speaking the same language 
There ’s no need . I can guarantee that 
What are you guaranteeing ? Ringleader , I asked you how much it cost to stay at Sanyu for a night .
They have the ones for 248 as well 
What is your standard ? 
Then , there ’s no problem 
Do you have any avenue for staying in the hotel when we enter Hong Kong on our return ? 
Do you want to stay in Hong Kong ? 
When I come back from Istanbul 
What is the price level ? 
Ca n’t you pass the customs directly and stay in Shenzhen ? 
Fly from Shenzhen to Nanjing 
I ’m a country bumpkin . I ’ve never been to Hong Kong , ringleader . I want to have fun 
Oh , then speak directly . How many nights do you want to stay ? 
Budget 
I still do n’t know about the standard in overseas and Hong Kong . Something with better value 
Lodging is very expensive in Hong Kong 
It ’s both small and expensive 
What are the dates that you will be staying ? 
I ’ll arrive on September 1 
Hong Kong 
You ’re staying one night on September 1 , is it correct ? 
Why one night ? At least three , I will stay longer . I ’ll be exhausted 
Okay . I ’ll ask for you 
I went for a meeting 
I ’m here . I just came back from dinner 
Chen Xiaogang asked earlier if he has to stay at Sanyu . I told him that probably it will cost money wherever he stays . Is this the case ? 
Um , actually , it ’s better to stay . He can enjoy himself thoroughly 
That ’s right . If he does n’t stay , then he ’ll have a refund for the room rate , right ? 
Yes 
800 , do n’t haggle 
The overseas ticket is booked . It cost 8,100 yuan . It ’s not expensive 
You look for it yourself depending on your needs 
1 : Can I use Renminbi in Hong Kong ? Do I need to exchange for some HK dollars ? 
You can use your card directly to buy things and for lodging 
Exchange some HK dollars for meals and transportation 
You can exchange it everywhere in Hong Kong 
Awesome 
Are you in Guangzhou already ? 
I settled down already 
I do n’t know that . Have you settled down ? 
Have you settled down ? 
A few classmates also came 
Xie Anjun has arrived , has n’t he ? 
Yes . They said that a few are staying 
What ’s your plan for today ? 
Great , we can play mahjong . Do you have batteries or microwave bowls for making instant noodles ? 
The 5th .
Two sessions 
What kind of batteries ? 
How many do you need ? 
I can bring the bowl on the plane . I went to check at the supermarket earlier but they do n’t have any 
Yes , I have bowls at home 
That ’s too extravagant . I ’ll use it to make instant noodles in Turkey . Perhaps Sanyu has it . I ’ll ask them tomorrow .
Why ca n’t you bring a plastic one ? A Tupperware one 
Okay 
No problem . I ’ll bring it to you tomorrow 
Ask the Front Desk how many have arrived 
Only me 
One . One room is taken 
That ’s impossible . The manager called me and told me that a few had arrived 
Okay 
It ’s pretty good . It has a swimming pool as well . I have stayed there before 
Of course 
It ’s closed 
What can we stay for 236 in Guangzhou ? 
Is the lodging okay ? 
Is the standard okay ? 
That ’s fine . I ’m afraid that people will be dissatisfied if it ’s not good and it will be troublesome 
It ’s 280 . What 236 ? 
The lowest is 248 but that type is not as good . The one we booked is 280 
Do n’t think so much . You ’re wasting energy . You ’re doing this for everyone . We come here just to renew old friendships 
They will think that we appropriate the funds at that time [ expression ] 
Zhixiang , how is your work there ? 
I just arrived this afternoon 
Something has come up 
[ Bye - bye for now | 886 ] 
How late are you working tonight ? 
The bus comes back at 8:30 
Were the changes and adjustments in the shared project quote large ? 
The shared project is progressing carefully , Old Shen is really capable , he spoke to Houcai early on , and found him early on , but he would n't listen 
Houcai is annoying in this way , he wo n't do anything until the last second .
Be safe on your trip tomorrow , it will be tough for you ! 
Old Shen approved what I wrote , that was n't easy 
Actually , I certainly would pass in the end .
You hurry and finish the daily record , while overseas strive to log onto a system after two days 
If you really ca n't log on to a server while overseas , send the daily record to Little Ruan or Chen Jiao after it 's complete , and they can help you register it 
Manager Qiu is very strict with internal management , please .
Yea , that day I was joking with him 
Socrates told his students what marriage was , which was finding the straightest tree within 2 hours 
2 hours later the students dragged one over by its roots , and said they did n't know whether it was the straightest , but that they had run out of time and just grabbed any roots , and Socrates said that this was marriage 
Good 
When you 're in Turkey , if the bid price is less than 1.26 , rush to send the feedback , and let Houcai report to the leaders for instructions 
Actually , do n't be so bureaucratic , if it is less than 1.26 you have to have Old Tang call Manager Ji , this is n't good either , it is n't proper to startle the leaders with every thing , what do you think ? 
Yea , that 's what I meant , we do n't want less than 120 million 
Right , send feedback if it is less than 1.2 , if every matter is a downward operation from the executives , what do they need us for 
Good 
After going you should inquire into and analyze the state of the budget and all manufacturer quotes , and after making an overall assessment give the leaders constructive opinions , otherwise the leaders back home can not make accurate judgments , and I do n't think it 's objective enough to have the leaders rack their brains and approve something that wo n't work .
That 's right 
There ? 
Here , reviewing quotes for Houcai 
What time is the flight today ? 
4 o'clock 
I just got an email sent from Old Lin , do you want me to forward it to you ? 
Sure , apart from foreign currency exchange and cleaning up , I have n't sopped at all this morning , Zhang Zizhong , Houcai 
I 'll send an offline document 
Compress 
I compressed it .
The unit 's network speed is completely worthless 
Does Brother Lin have any ideas ? How come at first he did n't mention building a photovoltaic ? Or pumped water energy storage 
I also feel that this guy is playing it by ear .
Take a look at the quote , Houcai said the 81 million including total cost ( including that reported by Chen Chao ) , Manager Shen wants to quote 95 million 
Profit of 14 million , is that suitable ? 
There ? 
Here 
Why only quote 9500 ? 
Are you in Shanghai or where ? 
Went outside the country from Guangzhou , he said Manager Shen plans on doing this 
Is n't there no way to put in a bid at 1.26 ? 
Yea , Chen Chao said not to bid over 1.2 
Did Manager Shen decide on 0.95 ? 
Yes , he reported to Manager Ji 
Manager Shen reported to Manager Ji ? 
Tomorrow morning 
That process is n't right , our sales have to do the reporting .
Managers Zuo , Qiu , and Ren do n't know , Manager Shen directly reported to Manager Ji , what kind of method is this ? 
I know what Manager Shen meant , he felt that while just getting started we should n't stubbornly pursue profits , there is a large market in the background , we do n't need to rush for the first project .
Ask Houcai , I hope he also talks to the sales boss 
Manager Shen is watching the back .
At least tell the sales boss about this matter , what do you think ? 
How much of the communications did Chen Chao seek in Turkey ? 
He directly reported to Houcai , Manager Shen 's report was OK , just let the sales boss know about this matter 
Houcai is n't answering his phone .
You can ask him tomrrow morning 
The 8100 you mentioned also includes the 17 % agency and customs dugy , right ? It is the cost converted form 9500 , right ? 
Did Chen Chao get the local budget ? 
Yea 
No 
Did Zhang Ming of Nima get any useful information through the agent ? 
Roughly when are you getting to Turkey ? ( Beijing time ) 
The morning of the day after tomorrow 
Manager Chen , how are outstanding employees recognized ? Can I write an application ? 
As long as Manager Lu agrees , one can be an outstanding employee . Our company does not have any assessment plan now .
You can write .
Have you been here for a year ? 
Less than a year . I came here last October 
You can write an application . It 's up to Manager Lu to approve or disapprove .
In fact , I think Manager Lu is all right , but I wonder if Manager Zhang will agree 
Um , I think so , too . However , the current wages are too low . I have only 733 for this month [ emoticon ] 
So I say that you can write an application . You should go for it .
If you do n't write one , there is certainly no chance .
Besides , I 'll submit your application , and I can say something in favor of you then 
Um , um . OK . Thank you , Manager Chen . Is there any requirement for the format of the application ? 
No format .
You are welcome 
I also think that you have done a lot of work in the administrative department , and it 's time for a pay rise 
OK , Manager Chen . Let me write an application .... 
How are you doing over there ? 
I just finished my meal . Are you still changing your cellphone number ? ( From cellphone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] : Voice conversation , efficient communication ! ) 
I 'm doing fine 
What are you doing ? 
I have n't changed it yet 
OK 
If I have changed it , I would have told you 
Hmm 
Where are you now ? 
Yantai ? 
=Sister Zhou 
Sister Zhou 
My computer is slow , so I typed the wrong characters . Haha 
Yeah , I am here 
Is Weiling from the press ? 
It seems that she did n’t return her questionnaire 
One day you sent me a copy but did n’t say whose it was . Was it hers ? 
Yes . I will ask her 
It ’s mine 
Edition for 3 - 4 years old 
It ’s also mine 
I completed two questionnaires 
She is not in her seat . Wait a moment . I am not in a good mood these days , and feel a little tired . Sigh , I am getting old 
If you are too tired , have a rest 
What makes me happy is Zhong ’s baby girl is going to be born soon 
I also have two days off this week 
A female cousin from my uncle ’s family got married , so I went back 
Really ? [ Brother | gg ] Chen is going to be a Daddy ? 
When will it be ? 
September 24 
He is very happy 
She must be very white complexioned ! 
Her eyes must be super large 
Right 
She will definitely be a little beauty 
By the way , is it known if it ’s a boy or girl ? 
Her face must be super round 
Hoho , I am looking forward to it 
Oh , it ’s true ? (( He [ took care of the job | a baby boy ] ? )) 
Girl 
That ’s so nice 
Turns out that all along she was thought to be a boy 
A name has even been chosen 
What will Baby Chen be called ? 
She was originally named Chen [ meet with virtue | Jianxian ] , and now it will be changed again 
Hoho , it feels like the name of a Taiwanese 
[ Meet with virtue | Jianxian ] , [ meet with refinement | Jianxian ] 
Does it mean that Zhong has met a virtuous Mei ? 
Haha 
Hoho , that ’s creative . I will suggest that he uses it 
Otherwise , why is there a “ [ meet | Jian ] ” in the name ? 
Soon [ Redhero apparel | Redhero ] is going to sell autumn clothing again . And you shall make your move once again 
The character [ meet | Jian ] is not commonly seen in people ’s names 
He means “ to emulate those more virtuous than oneself ” 
Haha 
See whether it is cool or not 
OK 
When I went home this time , I was criticized and lectured by my family 
I was harassed to death once I came back 
They all said I am too thin , and that I must have been working too hard 
and my methods were improper 
Wrong management methods 
I think what they said is reasonable . I must take good care of my health .
Hoho , there seems to be some truth to it 
Right . Time and tide wait for no man 
They said Classmate Miao was rosy - faced 
While I looked sallow and emaciated 
Without health , we have nothing 
I remember when we married , he was clearly 5 years older than I 
Now I have caught up with him , sigh 
It proves you have contributed a lot 
Xuesong is not in a good condition either 
Very cool ! 
Very pretty dress 
Are those birds on it ? 
Hoho , electric blue , a design with one hundred birds , and puffed sleeves , all the fashionable elements are complete 
Have you seen the “ Magic School Bus ” ? This dress with the one - hundred bird design can be made into a dress for Teacher Curly - Hair . Haha 
No , I have n’t watched it before . Haha , I am also curly - haired , and they call me Teacher Zhou [ emoticon ] 
Why does the man next to you look so familiar ? 
Have I met him before ? 
Brother - in - law ? 
My middle school classmate 
Li 
What is Li ’s given name ? 
Is that the one ? 
Hoho , no 
My junior high classmate . Classmate Li was my university classmate 
Uh-oh , he looks very , very familiar to me 
Then I should n’t have met him before 
Where did you travel to ? 
Alumni gathering in Shenzhen 
Oh , so you went to Shenzhen 
Did you bring Tutu with you ? 
No. I went there alone . Xuesong was a little dejected 
Right 
He said I did n’t invite him 
You should have brought him 
and Tutu 
Did everyone take their families ? 
Maybe next time . A few of them did so 
But we seldom have an opportunity to be alone . It ’s not bad 
Right ? 
I originally planned to move this week 
Yesterday I went to the house to take a look , but the smell was still very strong 
I will wait until the end of the month 
When you are done , I will visit you with Tutu 
Zhang Weiling did n’t come today 
It is a must . I am inviting you to warm the nest ： ） 
It does n’t matter . Then help me next week 
I left her out the last time 
Yeah , alright , I am going to get busy now 
OK , let ’s get busy together 
Lao Zou 
Oh ? 
Do n’t you know me ? 
How do I know only from the net name ? 
Oh , I will change it 
Look , you do n’t know Tian Yi , neither 
I am sorry , the impression is not deep . Give me a hint 
It 's not me , it is Xu Gang 
You are modest 
Well . When did you join our class , or was it in the primary school ? How come I … 
Um , in the primary school 
Where are you now ? 
Wuhan , teaching , how about you ? 
I am in Zhelin 
Are you in Wuchang ? 
Power plant ? 
Right .
Um 
Are you teaching high school ? 
Who was your deskmate at that time ? 
University .
I ca n’t remember 
Which school ? 
Wuhan University 
Not bad 
I am just muddling along 
How well you are muddling along . [ emoticon ] It really makes difference with good grades 
Well , It is so hard .
Who else is still in Zhelin ? 
I can not [ take up other posts | leave the hill ] and can only remain at the same place 
Who else ? 
Lao Wan 
I want to inquire about a person , Li QI , a fatty guy . Is he still at the power plant ? 
Yes 
Lao Wan is permanently stationing in Jiujiang . I have been there .
You originally lived in the Sand Mining Squadron , so was he 
I mean Li Qi 
Oh . Remember to give my regards to him . By the way , tell him I am the child of Master Wu , a neighbor of his parents .
I will surely tell him 
He should be able to remember . His child is named Li Duo .
Li Duo 
Oh . I remembered it wrong .
He should be working now .
He has married and have a child 
Oh , really ? Then where are you ? 
Oh , really ? How times flies ! 
I am also at the power plant 
I am not muddling along well 
I mean the time when you lived in the Sand Mining Squadron 
You are modest 
Otherwise how come I have such a deep effect on you ? I has lived in the Sand Mining Squadron since I was young 
Impression 
How come we did n’t walk to the school together ? 
At that time , girls and boys felt embarrassed to walk to school together 
It was not as open as it is now 
Hehe .
Do you know Wu Ying ’s number ? 
I have not contacted her .
Have n’t she joined the chat group ? 
No. She has n’t even contacted her brother .
Is she Wu Qiliang ’s sister , or someone else's ? 
Wu Ying has no brother 
The person you said is not the same one 
I see , it is someone else , more mature , and was often scolded by Teacher Fang to the point of crying .
Xia Zhangshu . Do you still remember him ? 
Yes , is he also in Zhelin ? 
He is now in Nanjing 
Really ? I have been to Nanjing ! 
I will ask him to join the chat group at the proper time . He is not online now 
OK .
How old is your child ? 
12 .
Oh 
My child will attend Grade 6 in the next semester .
How about yours ? 
As old as Lao Wan ’s 
I’am embarrassed to say [ emoticon ] 
Oh .
OK , talk to you next time .
OK , good night 
I 'll use the computer to chat with you 
Okay 
Are you at work ? 
I am . It does n't matter . I might respond slowly . Take your time to talk to me , and regard it as speaking your mind 
Okay~~ 
Well , I just feel that there are still happy moments being with him , but he just does n't care about my opinion . I feel there is very little communication from the heart with him 
He and I are the same . We are encountering the same kind of difficulty , just with different details !! 
If we want to be their women , we must train our heart to be particularly strong . You must be well - prepared !! 
I just have a feeling that he just expects us to take good care of our own lives , to take care of unhappy situations 
It 's the same ! He was also like that when I was in Paris !! So I have often had quarrels with him on these kind of things !! 
Was he like that in the US ? 
He was probably better when we were together , but he did n't care much about whether I was in a good mood or not 
Will he get angry if you show that you 're unhappy ? 
No , but he does n't care either . He thinks it 's not a big deal , and just thinks I 'm strange 
He is really calm . This is cold voilence ! 
Yeah 
I feel like I am no better than a good friend of his sometimes , and just a girl to whom he got married recently . I do n't think I 'm very important to him at all 
A good friend ? A female ? A friend for how long ? 
Since junior high school 
They were never together , right ? 
Probably not 
=Why do you think he cares about that girl ? 
Gosh , the relationship is not just generally good 
That girl was supposed to get married in October . Ge Peng even said he would come back to attend the wedding . When his mother said tickets were too expensive , and it was necessary , Ge Peng said , " but she is very important to me . " 
Oh ! It may be a very good friendship , so do n't think too much . He is like that because they are friends ! If you were not together with him , still like before , you would have felt like you were very important to him . Your current expectations and requirements are not the same any more . He will think it is not necessary because you are already very close to him 
Anyway , he is especially strange - like if I respond to his microblogging or Xiaonei , he often totally ignores me . If other people respond to him , someone relatively close , he 's not like that 
Did you ask why he is like that ? 
He is just too lazy to reply . I ca n't understand either 
How come he is not lazy when reply to others ? It does n't make sense . If he is too lazy to reply , then do n't =reply to anybody 
I do n't know either ... I often feel extremely wronged 
Do n't reply to him either . Do n't feel wronged . Be good ! 
I think I absolutely ca n't treat him in the same way , and he does n't care about it 
Well , these are actually small problems . The most critical thing is that he does n't communicate with you . Then no problems are easy to solve 
Yeah ... I also feel =annoyed 
k , can we see each other alone first when I get to Beijing ? 
We can , we can . What time on the 22nd will you arrive ? 
Sometime past two in the afternoon 
Let 's go eat something delicious after I get off work on 22nd . Think about what you want to eat 
Okay . I 'll contact you when I get there 
Where will you stay ? Have you decided yet ? 
You are currently in a cold war 
I booked the hotel 
He said he would come to pick me up . I told him not to come 
Gosh ! Be good ! Do n't do things in a fit of pique ! Hee hee 
Wo n't he go if you tell him not to go ? You will get reconciled when you come ! Shall we three go eat then ? 
I did n't send him my flight information . Anyway , it 'll convenient for me to take the subway then 
I 'll go take a nap~~~ 
mua 
OMG Take what subway ? Do n't torture yourself . Ask him to pick you up , and then [ ignore | long ] him after throwing your luggage to him . Ha ha ! Hurry up and go sleep then . Be in a good mood . mua 
Ha ha ha , you 're so cute~~ 
Chief Qian 
How was Turkey ? 
You were toilsome 
Your invoice was issued . It is with Xiao Jian 
Thank you . The few of you had gone to great trouble 
They were having the Eid al - Fitr 
Not at all . We would not be so effective if not for your great assistance 
I did n’t help with anything 
Do n’t be modest 
Send me the ppt 
Which ppt ? 
The one that has prizes 
It ’s with the commander 
Is it for the lodging ? There is no need . The work unit counts it by days : ) 
I ’m about to go to the hotel to settle the bill . Do you still need the invoice ? 
You can also claim the meals 
Hehe , that ’s so great . I can get some meal expenses . Under the premise not to make things difficult for you , I ’ll make the claim under 1,000 . You can make it payable to Nari Technology Development Co. , Ltd. 
It is because you need the corresponding POS receipts if it is over 1,000 
Okay ! 
Okay . I will try my best to meet your demands 
If Yanji was a man then she would be a transsexual : ) 
Is Xiao Yanji a male or a female ? How come I have no recollection ? 
She was in your class for a semester . She went to the Arts class in the second year of senior high school . How come you remember Li Jiao so clearly ? 
Zhou Yixing was not your classmate but you still remember him 
Was she from junior high school ? 
Good morning , Chief Qian ! 
Are you truly going for a vacation ? Do n’t you need to work ? 
I ca n’t sleep . I admit that I miss Chief Qian . I got up so early to say hello to you ! 
I have n’t claimed the meal tickets for you yet because I thought of a problem . If I claim it , the date will be for the same day . At that time , it will not match your itinerary . That ’s why I ask you if it ’s okay first .
Someone broke the news yesterday that you had a crush on who ? Was she in the Arts class ? Do I know her ? [ expression ] 
No problem . Chief Qian is truly cautious 
It ’s like I went to the Ankara University for fun . Who did I have a crush on ? 
Li Jiao is online . Are n’t you going to say hello ? 
Would n’t it show more that I had a crush on her ? [ expression ] 
She got up so early . Would n’t it be heart - beat in unison ? [ expression ] 
You had a crush on her to begin with , haha 
You ca n’t deny that 
Um , I had a crush on her then . She asked me this question then . She asked me if I went to the Arts class sometimes because I liked her .
How could I deny it ? Who should I reason with ? [ expression ] 
Oh , I say ! It seems like the thing that they talked about yesterday is not a secret anymore 
I ’m sick . I had acute gastroenteritis yesterday and had vomited for the entire afternoon . Faint .
I do n’t know who Xiao referred to . I reckon their Arts class had this belief 
Poor thing . Did you eat something bad ? 
No , I did n’t . I even ate at the cafeteria at noon 
The meat I eat here makes my mouth bloody . I ’m suffering from excessive internal heat 
It ’s hot in the summer . It ’s still more comfortable to eat something with soup 
Pay more attention and eat something light 
Right , throw away the lunch box when you return 
No , I can eat with it the next time I travel . It ’s just for eating instant noodles 
I was talking about the lunch box that I gave you . I ’ll give you another one next time 
Yes , that lunch box . It ’s good . Why throw it away ? 
To avoid adding burden to the luggage 
How was the investigation in Turkey ? Is there anything good ? 
I ’ll see . It wo n’t be make much a bigger difference if I have this 
Turkey is too unrefined . I was still speaking English on the first day and later found that it has the same results whether I speak Chinese or English .
I do n’t even bother to speak English now . I ’ll speak Yongxin dialect directly next time 
You ’re awesome 
What good things do they have ? 
Carpet 
Then forget about it [ expression ] 
Do n’t worry . I ’m still a complete stranger here 
26 is exaggerated . Who spread the rumor ? 
It ’s normal to have many . Hehe , I know about a few :) [ expression ] 
Tell me 
Why do you still ask me when you know ? You have a lot of fans . Hehe , and that does not include the ones in your narcissistic speculations , hehe 
I do n’t know . Help me understand it . Let me hear it [ expression ] 
Did n’t Xianwen tell you when he professed the other day ? Hehe 
He professes to everyone 
Who else could it be ? 
There are real and fake ones but you are real 
This is only one , what about 26 ? [ expression ] 
We ’ll see who has the guts to say it 
26 people , it ’s about 2 / 3 . Chief Qian has great charm : ) 
Simply one class would be fine . I ’m [ collateral damage | getting shot lying down ] 
26 is exaggerated but 16 is truly not too many 
Not to mention 16 . You tell me 10 and you ’ll win 
Really , I ’m very innocent . You point the gun at me 
What benefit do I get if I win ? 
At any rate , if you lose , I will say that you spread rumor . Hehe 
It was n’t me who said 26 . Are you reasonable or not ? 
Who said that ? Faint 
I see that you are very good to me . How about I say a few ? 
Forget it if you do n’t listen . I ’m going to bed ! 
Okay 
It ’s already 11:00 
Are you awake yet ? 
[ It ’s a rare opportunity that can not be missed | once you pass this village , this shop is not there anymore ] .
Where is the list ? You still have n’t told me 
Oh , you are nice and indeed many people like you . You are the reality version of Huang Rong in our eyes 
Are you sweet - talking me ? [ expression ] 
Go to hell ! Are n’t you always complaining about me ? 
I only speak freely because I truly consider you one of us 
You and Huang Rong are very appropriate . As it turns out , your Brother Jing also comes from Mongolia 
Are you addicted to sweet - talking ? 
I ’m not 20 years old 
I ’m sincere 
Tell me a few then 
You wo n’t give up . You ’re going too far . You tell me first how many you know of 
I ’ll gain new understanding of my fans also [ expression ] 
You ’re pretending ! You go too far 
Wang Xianwen and Liu Wen . I do n’t know about the others 
I think that you ’re insincere . You have n’t told all according to your standard 
If you based it on Li Jiao ’s standard , I reckon it would be more than 26 [ expression ] 
Now , I need to see your sincerity . Tang Xiaoqing , Peng Jun 
You disclose two first 
Jiao was wrong . No wonder she did n’t marry you , hahaha 
He liked you , too .
Did n’t Tang Xiaoqing like Zhou Yixing ? 
That ’s not true . Where did you get that information from ? 
You do n’t know . Tang is shrewd and deep . Yes . Why did he take a fancy to Chen ? 
It was because of the Chen ’s family background . He also took a fancy to you 
He later liked Chen Qiong 
Her father and uncle , how could you not know ? 
[ expression ] Was it that serious ? 
What background does Chen Qiong ’s family have ? 
I also did n’t have any feelings for Peng Jun either . Tell me one that I have feelings for 
It was you who did n’t have feelings for him . You were smart . Once you noticed the sign , you would snuff it out in a flexible way 
I ’m not saying anymore . You tell first ! 
Okay , next batch [ expression ] 
26 , you prod carefully ! 
You lost your temper . You are not being a good friend 
I do n’t know what you are thinking . I would be extremely happy if I had 2 to 6 fans . Do n’t lose your temper 
Is your appetite all right today ? 
I had had congee for the whole day 
Poor thing . You were exhausted earlier on 
I ’m resting now 
I ’ll go to Anhui Electric Power Research Institute on Thursday 
Ringleader , you need to take care of your health 
Am I getting a promotion again ? [ expression ] 
You were the ringleader to begin with . Huang Rong , Ringleader Huang 
Is Turkey smooth ? The matter will soon be over 
I ’m going to the landlord at night and will hand in the tender tomorrow 
Even though you are the ringleader , you still need to report to me when you enter my jurisdiction in the future .
Sure 
Where does your jurisdiction include ? 
Chen Wenyan opened some kind of a cosmetic and wellness store 
Wherever the ringleader assign to me , I will manage it 
Is that right ? What does he mainly sell ? 
That chap has earned a lot of money 
Yes , that chap is very smart 
He undertakes projects everywhere . He even invoiced us a few times 
My nephew is admitted to the Jiangxi Police College 
Which sister of yours ? 
It ’s very good 
My second sister 
Zhenqiang ’s son has gone to Huazhong University of Science and Technology . He is with the son of Kangsheng 
Is his son so old already ? He is very good academically 
Wuhan University of Technology 
=Oh 
Zhenqiang is exhausted . He has no formal job 
Right , he is finally admitted 
Zhenqiang had applied for a few years and did n’t get admitted 
The gas price in Turkey is really expensive 
Wang Jun , you 're in Turkey , right ? 
Yea 
Bid on the 22nd ? Divided into technical and business bids ? 
Right 
Each bid submission and start of bidding time ? 
Bid submission is at one time , I do n't know about start of bidding , said to be within 3 months 
On the 22nd ? Is Chen Chao there ? 
Bid submitted on the 22nd , Old Lu went behind you again to draft me , directly had Manager Qiu give me the order 
He 's not here , he went to Kenya 
He 's not here , he went to Kenya 
Old Lu is now in the Functional Department , he really should n't directly find me , it is correct for him to find Manager Qiu , but if Manager Qiu skips me to directly find you , that is n't right .
Haha 
Old Lu and them are about to change offices .
Only Li Jin is left in Marketing ? 
Old Wu might go to the Northeast Region , Little Pu should be going to the General Affairs Department , I think Li Jin is still in the Marketing Department , and Lu Yun and Old Lu left together .
Old Wu and Furong were temporarily transferred , they are still in the Marketing Department 
Their short - term relations are still in the Marketing Department , but the work they are doing is for the greater region and General Affairs Department .
Do n't forget to write the daily record in Turkey ! 
What did Old Lu find you for ? 
President Xiao is coming to inspect , he is going to give Manager Ji an introductory PPT 
President Xiao is going to Turkey ? 
Manager Qiu made arrangements with you ? 
Went to the share company 
The president came to Turkey , Guofu is coming 
Yea 
Manager Qiu also directly ignored me .
Yea , the phone call should be a meeting with you 
No , Manager Qiu was n't at the company today , he should have been taken care of .
In any case there are a lot of people 
But it 's no problem , the leaders have the power to make work arrangements for the people below them .
When do you think you can return ? 
In early September 
Why so long ? 
It 's the 20th today 
Bidding starts on the 22nd , will questions be answered after the bidding ? 
Yea 
Houcai has been sent with the Iranians these two days , it seems it has been hard for him 
Regarding the communication controller part the transformer branch company should answer , they might need you to keep up the standards in the end , I do n't know if you have the time 
You have n't been in constant contact with me , do n't worry .
You just worry about urging him on , when he comes back to find me , do n't do the work for him , fix his laziness 
Do n't worry about him , the other department leaders feel that they will object to me if it is slow , if I help Houcai out , I ca n't educate Houcai . Houcai really has thick skin .
Haha 
Do you think the AKEDAS project is under control ? 
Now it has dropped to 93 million , if we still do n't get it , it means the agent was too bad 
9300 was the price you negotiated in Turkey ? 
The price Old Shen and Manager Ji reported was 9000 .
The low limit the stock company gave Chen Chao was 90 million .
9300 was the price you were ready to report in the first round ? 
Was there a later chance to adjust the price ? 
Yea , my duty is to answer technical questions , and the business supervisor wanted no less than 90 million 
Today I talked about the 90 million matter with Manager Zuo , and Manager Zuo also shouted , but he heard that Manager Shen and Manager Ji had agreed , so there was nothing he could do .
Yea , OK , I 'm still continually reviewing the bid , will chat when I have time 
OK .
Are you studying for a PhD degree ? 
Yes 
Wow ... If I stand behind you , then I will become a postdoc . Ho ho~ 
Where are you studying for the PhD ? 
In our faculty . Zhu Binzhong .
So awesome ! 
Literature ! 
Yes . It 's painful .
Shakespeare ? 
It 's so enjoyable for you to read literature every day , ha ha ha 
I still do n't know what to research .
Do you have to attend a lot of classes ? 
Do you need to take exams for the PhD degree ? 
I have passed them . I will begin studying next semester .
You are so awesome . You have already passed them 
Thanks to the care by the school and care by the tutor .
Let Zhu =Binzhong also teach me , so that we can keep company 
Although I passed with the score , the ranking was very embarrassing .
Does the ranking affect anything ? 
Good idea . Hurry up and take the exams .
I do n't how to take the exams , ho ho 
The secondary exam .
What is the secondary exam for ? 
For admission . For a visiting student , there will be a knock - out system .
Where have you been in the summer holiday ? 
You are pre-decided , anyway , right ? 
We are consigned training students , and will not compete with them .
Consigned training ? Will there be diplomas and certificates ? 
Yes , both .
Then why is it called consigned training ? 
The fees are covered by the school ? You do n't have to pay for it , do you ? 
It 's oriented . Wuhan University commissioned itself to train its own teachers .
Oh , you have to pay on your own .
So you ca n't run away after graduation ? 
48000 
I did n't plan to run away in the first place .
It costs just so little to complete the study . It 's so cheap 
Ah , is this cheap ? 
You will be making money for Wuhan University in these years .
48000 for how many years ? 
Every year , or in total ? 
The tuition to complete the study 
Not much ! 
It can be paid by three annual installments 
That is even better 
Why do n't to come to study as well ? 
Am I eligible for the consigned training ? 
Take the exams first , and if you pass , you can apply for it , and wait for the principal to approve .
How difficult is it to pass ? 
I do n't even know what is in the exams 
If you are going to prepare for it , let 's invite Zhu Binzhong out for dinner . Then it will be solved .
Does he decide what will be in the exam ? 
If he is the exam marker , ho ho , you do n't even have to revise . You can just make random answers . Ho ho~ 
If you apply to be his student , he will set the questions for the specialized courses , and mark the exam .
Otherwise , you can ask Teacher Ren .
Do I need to decide on a teacher before I take the exams ? 
Are there any other tests in addition to specialized courses ? 
The second foreign language , and advanced English .
That 's all ? 
Um 
Politics ? 
No 
Integrated test ? 
And specialized courses .
I still need to take the exam of the second foreign language ... It 's terrible 
What is in the exam of advanced English ? Is it easy to pass ? 
Since you have passed the postgraduate exams , it should n't be a problem for you .
Advanced English is difficult .
What is the form of the exam ? 
But it should not be difficult to get a score of sixty or so .
How is the advanced English tested ? 
Multiple - choice questions , reading comprehension , summary writing , translation , and writing .
What are the multiple - choice questions about ? 
gre vocabulary .
Can I take a dictionary for the translation ? 
No 
Ha ha ... 
It definitely wo n't be a problem for you .
Come to be my companion .
In this case , I still =need three months to prepare for it ... Second foreign language plus advanced English 
I will =need to ask the tutor for his agreement 
Teacher Ren says that it wo n't be needed ... Why do you need to study that ? Ho ho 
You see , I did not do much to prepare for it .
You can take the exams when you think it 's good to do so 
If he has n't agreed , what are the exams for ? 
Is n't it that I have to get the tutor 's agreement in advance ? 
This is just the one aspect .
You still have to prepare yourself .
Because Wuhan University still has a lowest threshold fo entrance .
Oh 
When I meet Teacher Ren later , I will ask him if there is any opportunity , ho ho ... As long as he says there is an opportunity , even the slightest , I will go to prepare ... 
That 's fine .
When you meet Zhu =Binzhong , you can sound him out , ho ho ... You just say Old Yang wants to be your student , and see what he will say 
Then you have to concentrate , and can not have a foot in both camps .
Ha ha ... Ask him first ... Let 's see what he will say , ho ho 
OK .
Little girl , have you gone to bed or not . Your dad 
No , I 'm here , you working overtime , I 'm almost done 
My work tasks are quite heavy .
When will you begin having your job cut back to 20 hours a week ? 
Yeah , and supplement the time going out 
Starting in September 
The time you go out is also going to be counted , huh .
Are n't you going out next weekend ? 
I only report according to the time I work , and then however many hours I do that 's how many hours I get paid for 
Take good care of yourself , I wo n't bother you . [ Expression ] [ expression ] 
So if you want to make more you have to work more 
Exhausting .
Yeah , no problem 
Mom said you did n't take her calls 
I left my phone in the dormitory 
Oh 
OK , I 'll tell her 
You go to bed early , do n't stay up all night whatever you do 
OK 
You take care of yourself 
Pay attention to your health pay attention to nutrition 
My little girl , have you arrived in the dormitory ? 
Mom 
I 'm here 
Mom , plug your earphones in 
Mom 
Hold on a minute 
Plug your earphones in 
Otherwise , there 'll be too much of an echo 
I think the earphones are at the side 
Haha 
And there is also a socket for the microphone 
Plug that in as well ~~~~ 
Is it okay ? The cellphone video ? 
My little girl , I 'm using your computer 
Accept video then . It 's enough for me to just see you 
But I ca n't hear your voice clearly 
There 's a little too much interference 
You probably need to plug the earphones in 
I think you 'd better switch to my computer 
Mom , there 's interference 
Mom 
My little girl , you get on with your work ! 
Mom 
I 'm going out 
Sister , have you arrived in the US ? 
Uh-huh 
Umm , is everything going well ? 
Quite well 
I 've just settled down 
Can you adjust to the time difference ? 
It 's OK 
This is my new computer , and I need to get used to it 
[ emoticon ] What do you mean ? 
I 'm installing software 
Hmm , if you 've settled down , then that 's good 
Hmm 
I 'm going to =sleep now 
to sleep 
to adjust to the time difference ... 
Hmm , OK .
Good night ~ 
Sister , have n't you been out anywhere today ? 
I 've been out 
I went for a walk in the school and in Chinatown ~ 
and bought a whole pile of things 
You 've even got a Chinatown there ? 
Yes 
There are many Chinese people in Philadelphia 
I even went to a Chinese restaurant today to have a meal 
How great ! 
Just as I thought , big cities are great 
Hehe , not really ! 
Sister , in future , you could buy a second - hand car to drive to school 
My home is just next to the school 
You could buy a car to go away traveling 
I do n't need a car ... 
That 's true ~ 
When the time comes , I can rent a car ~~ 
Haha 
It 's not easy to park a car here in Philadelphia 
Hmm 
Are you busy over there ? 
OK 
I 've put on a lot of weight since I came to America 
Haha , I heard about it ~ 
But I go to the gym every day 
Since I went to university , my parents have often arranged to go out and play cards with my aunt and uncle 
Haha , they are card partners ~ 
Are you staying in a dormitory ? 
No. I rent my own apartment ~~~ 
But it 's just next to the school , and quite safe 
Hmm 
How come you managed to rent one when you 'd just arrived ? 
I arranged to rent it in advance . I rented it over the Internet 
Hmm 
Hold on a minute . I 'm going to wash my clothes ... 
OK 
Hi , you have n't gone to bed yet ? 》 
Hmm 
I 've just called my boyfriend … 
You 're still up ? 
I go to bed quite late at the weekends 
It 's half past 10 here 
We have different times , right ? 
Wow ! 
They are indeed different ... 
Yes 
There are different zones in the US 
It 's already half past 12 for me over here 
Haha 
Sigh … time difference 
Yes , and that 's precisely why I have n't gone to bed 
No wonder 
What are you doing ? 
Watching a program 
So leisurely ~~~~~ 
Is it so really ? 
I have to study mattresses … 
Yes , it is ~~~ Haha 
Sister , have you got a microblog ? 
Yes 
The Milk Cow Rushes Ahead 
Why do you have to study mattresses ? 
I want to buy one ... 
Oh 
I must buy one as quickly as possible 
It 's hard work 
If you go out to work , prices are in fact a lot cheaper in America than in China 
Hehe 
The main thing is that the tuition fees are expensive 
Yes 
That 's why ~ 
As soon as school starts , I will look round for internship and whatever 
Hehe 
I 'll go and buy a mattress first . Take it easy and watch your program ~~~~ 
ok 
Choose carefully 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
But hold on 
I just set up my phone , but I forgot my number ... I want to call you and see if you can know my number ... 
Hmm , OK 
I 'm going downstairs for a minute . Some classmates are coming over 
Did you purchase the family plan ? 
Yes 
Wow , you have found someone 
Uh-huh 
But the number I remember is different from the one saved at her place !! 
I am totally dumbfounded ... 
... 
You go meet your classmates first ~ 
Are you in the dorm now ? 
Yes 
Haha , can you call me ? 
I 'll try . Just directly dial 215 588 8068 , right ? ~ 
Hmm , OK 
If you 're in the dorm , we may meet each other 
I am just next to you ~ 
I 'm going downstairs first 
OK , OK ~ !!! 
hi ~ what are you doing ? 
I just got up 
... 
and I 'm having a video call with my mom 
soga 
Your type ? ~ 
Boring ... 
The more I think of the family plan I purchased yesterday , the more I am confused 
Haha , what arrangements are there for today ? 
=There are none ... 
Ah ? 
Really no arrangement made 
Yesterday I even discussed the family plan with my boyfriend for a long time ... 
I hate phones ... 
After you are done with your video call , we can then continue chatting ~ You have the video call with your mommy first 
Hmm , OK ~ 
Minmin , is that you ? Across the ocean ? 
Yes , I just got up 
A wonderful new life has started , hehe 
So , are you adjusted to the new life ? 
Do you speak all in English ? 
Have you gotten used to the housing and food ? 
What 's the weather like ? 
Send some photos of your new life if you have time . People of your motherland want to have a look , hehe 
OK , I just came and have n't taken any photos yet 
Has school started ? 
If you 're busy , just do your stuff first 
Not yet . I just arrived 
Ah , I 'm watching If You Are the One 
Hello , may I ask where you live ? Can I go get it tomorrow ? 
Yes , you can 
You 've already arrived at the school .
Where do you live ? 
I live at 39 pine 
Hmm 
We 've already started classes for a week [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
I am at 3717 chestnut 
Ah ? 
How could that be ? 
Has n't school started yet ? 
The summer classes … required by the institute 
… 
Then , I will go over tomorrow morning to see you . Is it convenient for you to leave a cellphone number ? Mine is 2152906780 
All people have to attend [ emoticon ] 
How early ? 
I 'm afraid I could n't get up 
Depending on your routine 
I just arrived yesterday … and I am still getting adjusted to the different time zone 
Mine is 2155888068 
I am Lin Min 
And you ? 
How about noontime ? 
I am Liu Linyu . Noontime is fine , thank you ! 
What a lucky number ! ~ 
Hehe , I got a prepaid one 
Well , go to bed early [ emoticon ] , you must be tired 
I 'm now fretting over the matter of telephone … 
Hmm , just call me tomorrow ~ 
Okay , good night ~ 
Dear , do you watch the final volume of Whales 
I just watched it once , I did n't dare watch again 
I cried , it was very sad 
You still haven't ? Is it very sad ? I just got up [ expression ] 
You 'll know if you watch it 
I am also preparing to sleep 
You are really fortunate to be able to sleep so late . Do you still not need to go to work 
I still wo n't start working so soon , I expect it will be the middle of October or November 
Wow , you 're really fortunate 
How is it that unit of yours is so leisurely 
So do you now have wages being issued 
How would I have wages ? Currently I do n't have wages [ expression ] and I do n't have the two thousand Yuan bonus 
So you are continually dallying about at home 
Helping your family to watch the store 
Right ! It is only this 
I 'll watch it in a bit ! [ Expression ] are you going to rest ? What time is it there ? 
It is eleven o'clock here 
I 'm going off - line , bye bye ~ 
I 'm preparing my tissue paper to then watch the =conclusion 
Yeah , OK . I am currently brushing my teeth [ expression ] 
I will prepare the tissue paper first , girl [ expression ] 
Good night ! [ expression ] 
How are you ? 
Have you settled in ? 
Uh-huh 
I 've been to loads of places over the past couple of days 
The orientation will begin tomorrow ~~~· 
I 've realized having a car would be really convenient ! 
I 'm going to pass my driver 's license as quickly as possible ~ 
Your roommate has got a car , right ? 
Haha 
No ! It 's my schoolmate 's relative who has driven us over the past couple of days to IKEA and Chinatown , etc 
I 'm jealous of him · ~~~~ 
Haha 
How do you find it ? 
I 've decided ~ in future , I 'll go [ begging for help | hugging the thigh ] from you ~~~ 
Pretty good . Philadelphia is really too ancient ... 
Yes 
Hi , do you want to get a phone put in ? There are still slots in our family plan ~~~~ 
OK , let 's do it together . I 'd be really grateful ~~ 
OK ~ 
When will you go and get it done ? 
We 've already signed up for a plan 
If you would like to , we could arrange a time to meet at ATT 
When did you arrive ? 
Where is ATT ? 
Oh yes , let me introduce myself ~ I 'm called Lin Min ~~~ 
I got here last night 
It 's at 38walnut 
In that case , will you be too tired ? 
Umm , I 'm Guo Xiao [ emoticon ] , and I 'm not tired 
Then , why do n't you arrange a time ? 
Any time would basically be convenient for me 
OK 
Where do you live ? 
How can I contact you ? 
Sansom East 
I 'm going to ihouse first this afternoon to register 
That 's really close - by ! 
How to contact each other is an issue , hehe 
I 'm at 3717 chestnut 
What is ihouse ? 
It 's the tall building opposite you ~~~ 
OK 
The one opposite us ? Sansom West ? 
No. The one opposite your street ~ 
What are you studying ? I 'm doing a master ofenvironmental studies 
In which direction ? 
I 'm doing South Asian Studies 
Opposite your street , proceeding westwards 
Right 
It sounds really =terrific ! 
What direction is it from 7 and 11 ? 
It 's not =terrific ... 
This ... I ca n't describe it ~~~ 
Are you on WeChat or anything like that ? 
What have you got planned for this afternoon ? 
Is that near seven eleven ? 
It is , I think ... 
I 've been rushing around everywhere over the past couple of days ... I do n't even remember the roads ... 
Right ! 
I came back yesterday and saw it ~~·· 
Wow , hahahaha ! 
I have n't got any plans for this afternoon . I 'm thinking of going to oip to register , but I 'm also thinking of going to ikea to buy things . Anyway , I have n't got anything done properly yet 
oip is right in ihouse 
Have you filled in the form on the web ? 
I 've filled in the form , but it said they 're reviewing it 
Oh ~ 
Is n't there an appointment time on it ? 
What time is your appointment for ? 
I think my appointment is for this afternoon , but they 're still reviewing it ... So I do n't know if I can go or not 
Oh ~ 
In that case , you could go there ~ 
I 'm also going there this afternoon 
OK , I think I 'd better go and have a look ~ 
OK ~ 
Then we can meet up in the afternoon ~~~ 
In that case , shall we meet up first and apply for the card , or meet over there ? 
How can I find you ? 
Let 's meet up first ~~~ 
OK . In that case , you say what time , and we 'll meet at seven and eleven 
711 is a little bit too far away ... 
Let 's meet right in ihouse 
In that case , tell me where 
OK 
Because that plan holder of ours 
is now hanging around outside , I think ~ 
Let me contact him ~~~ 
OK , hehe 
So =what sign will we use to recognize each other by ? ~~~~ 
... 
I 'm wearing a yellow jacket , very conspicuous ... 
Let 's meet at 1:45 in the entrance to ihouse 
OK . I 'm wearing a checkered short - sleeved shirt 
OK [ emoticon ] 
What color is the checkered pattern ? 
It 's difficult to say what color it is . It looks like it 's grey ... 
Jeans 
Is ihouse at 3701 chestnut street ? 
Uh-huh 
So I should go west ? 
Uh-huh ~~ 
OK . So , see you then ~ 
OK ~~~ 
Hi , are you there ? 
When is your orientation ? 
In the evening on the 28th , that 's tomorrow .
Electricity : If the account of the tenant before him is not closed , he 'll just wait at home for the bill ( letter ) and then just pay online or by check 
If the previous tenant has closed the account ( they usually close it ) , he has to open one , and has to go to peco to open a new account , 
OK ~ 
Thanks 
As for the Internet , Zhang said it seems that he can only make a phone call to open account 
So , no need to do it in person ? 
No 
That time , we went to get the Internet installation tools and stuff , not for usual transactions 
The process is to make a phone call to open an account and then set up an appointment with him and he 'll send someone over to install the Internet 
Oh , in that case , I just have to call that company 's phone number directly 
I installed it myself at that time , that 's why I went to get the tools 
Uh-huh 
Ask him to call and try . That was how a girl from our grade upstairs got an Internet line .
OK ~ 
Do you know the telephone number for comcast ? 
I did n't check ... 
Hmm , I 'll look for it 
OK 
OK ~ thanks ~~~ 
Hmm 
Wrong 
800COMCAST 
This is the telephone number 
?? 
How do I call this number ? 
Just dial 800 comcast directly ? 
Oh , I just told you the telephone number is wrong ... 
Fangfang , has Liu Xiaolu asked you out tomorrow ? 
No 
Are you busy tomorrow ? 
I am free tomorrow 
Wait a minute first 
Could you accompany her to the beauty salon tomorrow ? 
At night ? 
The situation is that she asked me to go together tomorrow , but I have something to do suddenly , so I have to flake out on her 
After work 
So I ask you if you will go 
Um , OK . I have nothing to do anyway 
Great . I will tell her 
OK 
Berlin , you there ? 
Here , Teacher Chen ( from cell phone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] : voice command , high efficiency communication ! ) 
Are you working or not ? 
Working , just always changing shifts 
What do you think ! 
Yeah , OK , in the training phase 
Is it convenient to go to and get off from work 
Can sleep at the work shift bed room when changing shifts 
Are you adapting to it ? 
Currently I 'm working at the administrative office building , I do n't know when I 'll go down to the front desk 
It 's OK 
The manager did n't tell you a specific time ? 
No 
Currently you 're getting familiar with client services right .
There should be many fellow students , right .
She said at present the supervisor below has a new person , and ca n't get rid of anyone to take me , so she put me with the supervisor of the floor above 
Oh , first just go along with it then . If you need anything , contact me at any time .
Get some rest early . [ Expression ] [ Bye bye then | 886 ] 
Yeah , OK , currently I am also studying systems 
Yeah , Teacher Chen you get some early rest as well 
I have to change shifts tomorrow , so I 'm also preparing to go to sleep 
Good night 
Are you there ? 
I 'm here 
[ picture ] Are you still so young ? 
Did n't your son go to get trained for excellence over the summer vacation ? 
for the Olympic Math 
In future , you should be more careful when driving 
You 're laughing at me there 
The school is about to start 
Still getting trained for excellence ? 
You 're lying 
No , you really seem very young 
I think I 'm getting old 
The school starts tomorrow 
Really 
Liu Tao has good skin 
Our Liu Tao really seems to have got very old 
Really 
Loads and loads of white hair now 
Gosh 
Yes 
That 's because you did n't do a good job 
My hair started going white at the beginning of this year 
Super daddy 
What else do I still have to do ? 
It 's in the nature of their work 
But now I feel relaxed once I get off work 
although it 's very tiring at work 
(( Other people make money )) 
She basically has n't looked after the family and child 
However , there 's no other choice 
It was very painful for me as well in the past 
Did n't you stop doing design ? Are you still tired ? 
There 's a lot of work to do in the management department too 
But I do n't have to deal with it once I leave work 
You do n't have anything to do ? 
I 'm idle every day now 
Becoming a leader now , right ? 
But I still ca n't get away 
I 'm just like a nanny 
Hire someone to do household chores 
You need only look after your kid then 
I have to check all sorts of minor issues , sigh 
I mean , when I 'm at work I 'm like a nanny 
Still like that , now you are a leader ? 
When I 've left work , I 'm just a typical nanny , [ emoticon ] 
Get other people to report back to you 
In my current department , I 'm considered rather old 
That would mean every little thing would be reported back 
and it would be a hassle 
Are you still in the computer center ? 
Senior leaders are often not in the office , sigh 
Yes 
I ca n't get away , hehe 
By the way 
I have n't received that magazine since the Chinese New Year 
Should I phone that number and complain ? 
???? 
What for ? 
Is n't there a complaint phone number on it ? 
I do n't think it would be much use 
Sigh 
Not much use ? 
I 'll go home and look for the phone number on the magazine 
You can give it a try 
I do n't know their complaint phone number either 
Hehe 
Have n't you gone anywhere for fun over the summer vacation ? 
Where did you go ? 
Out for one trip 
It 's such a huge group , was n't it ? 
Did you have a good time ? 
Xiamen 
I took both sets of parents and the children -- in all there were 10 people 
A big group of us 
Ah 
Xiamen 
I 'm thinking of going to Xiamen on the October 1st holiday 
It was so they could go on a plane 
I did n't have a good time 
I 've been there quite a few times , all told 
If you 've never been there , it would definitely be OK 
Gulang Island and the earthen houses 
etc , etc. It was actually OK 
It 's best to stay on the island 
It 's a little more comfortable that way 
On October 1st , I 'll either visit my family or go to Xiamen 
It would be rather a good idea also to visit my family during the Mid-Autumn Festival 
Does n't the October 1st holiday come at the same time as the Mid-Autumn Festival ? 
Silly me 
We 're planning to go and visit my hometown 
It 's an 8 - day vacation 
They come at the same time 
I can either go and visit my hometown 
or I can take a trip on holiday 
If I go back for the Mid-Autumn Festival , I wo n't be able to go back for the Chinese New Year 
Oh , hehe 
I 'm afraid we would still have to go back home for the Chinese New Year 
After all , it is good to get yourself someone from the same hometown 
and you can go home together regularly 
Haha 
Haha 
I 'm regretting 
Well , you had so many of them back then , why did n't you look for one ? 
You looked down upon us kids from the countryside , there 's nothing that could be done about it 
I 'm like , pooh ! 
Like that 
I could n't believe it 
How much is it a night in that hotel of yours ? 
My sister and the others have arrived 
=So expensive 
So expensive 
458 
Oh 
It 's a five - star . I got the price 
Hehe 
498 
I got it wrong 
It 's a five - star 
You thought 
That 's true 
Is n't the one opposite you more expensive ? 
Are they accompanying their kid to school ? 
Yes 
A senior high school 
The No. 1 school attached to the Central China Normal University 
Which university is it here ? 
Uh , is your sister 's child in a senior high school over here ? 
Have they transferred their household registration over ? 
No , they did n't transfer their household registration 
Hmm 
Well , they still have to go back to Yongxin to take the exams later ? 
I think what they 're studying wo n't be the same 
It 's more or less the same 
The books are the same 
They will go back to review what they have learned in the third year of senior high school 
Hmm 
Oh 
In a boarding school ? 
Yes 
The teachers back home are too incompetent now 
Two years . The quality of the teaching should be a little better over here 
They just ask for money , money 
I heard that Renzhong is quite inferior nowadays 
Yes 
Sigh 
Are you there>> ? 
? 
I need to register my information at Taierzhuang Sanshang Shop , because it is registered under my name . I have completed all information about myself . Besides , what is the area of Taierzhuang Sanshang Shop ? How much is the registered capital ? 
200 square meters 
What is the business scope ? 
All business licenses have been taken to Taierzhuang Sanshang Shop 
I do n't have any left here 
You have to ask the clerks at Taierzhuang 
Oh , OK 
Is this your American cellphone number ? 
Yes 
What time is it over there where you are ? 
Past 5 o'clock 
I do n't know … 
Your prefix is 001 to call America , right ? 
I 'll call you and try it out ~ 
Is there ? 
Hahaha 
I 'm cooking rice 
... 
OK then ... 
How come you =have a cellphone ? 
It 's vacation time ! But it will be taken away again tomorrow ... 
School 's starting / 
Yes ! Tomorrow 
Cheers ! 
I originally wanted to give you a call ... later , I handed over my cellphone and forgot the number ... [ emoticon ] 
... 
Haha 
Mine is long - distance call 
You should n't , ha 
Before you left 
Oh ~~~ 
It 's OK , it 's OK ~~~ 
How are you doing =there ? 
OK , I guess 
More or less settled down 
OK ... 
But my time zone is different from yours 
What time is it over at your side now ? ... 
9:30 a.m. 
12 - hour difference ! 
Yes 
Half the globe 
How long were you =in the plane ? 
16 - 17 hours 
=So long ... 
Yes 
I must also work hard ... 
Yes ! 
Cheers ! 
I have to sleep =early ... I went to bed very late these few days ... 
School starts tomorrow 
I 'll chat with you again when vacation starts next time ... 
OK 
Just Wechat me ~ 
Good night ~~~~ 
There ? 
You finally got online 
Yea , I 'm going out in a bit , I just got on quickly to take a look , I ca n't get online in the room 
OK , I also had Zhang Yan take a look at the later confidentiality and news parts in the evening 
How are Turkey 's shipping agents ? In your daily log it seems there 's not much assurance we can get this project .
Nobody understands Chinese companies , at first there was not much possibility for mediation , and I do n't think their agents are as great as Manager Shen says 
I was very embarassed 
Yea ! It seems like we have a ways to go for Turkey to accept NARI 
But the technical ability here is so much worse than in China , if we can find a technical project to get involved in , the best plan is to not need to call for bids 
Another thing is that last week Manager Qiu mentioned the planning and development thinking behind our department , that is , what was discussed at the meeting between Manager Qiu , Manager Zuo , and our department in the middle of the year 
The Yunshui Company told us that there are very few September first payment methods and reminded us that we are a risk .
But we do n't need many expenses and procedures to establish an office 
At the meeting Manager Qiu said to find a line of thinking and ideas , and I said to wait to discuss it until after you returned .
If Manager Qiu insists on having our department become a second - line support department , the ideas I come up with will probably be much different 
Normally what is the proportion of the payment method for contracts Siemens and ABB get in Turkey ? 
They still recommend that it would be best to get a CIF quote , and AKEDAS wants to be on site . Actually , this bid is very hard to make , but the leaders need major accomplishments , so we have no other choice 
It 's usually 2 : 4 : 4 ; 2 : 6 : 2 
Manager Tang , they are all accompanying Jiangsu and Nanjing Commercial Bureau leaders , probably when the time comes there will be international bloodletting 
It 's NARI 's money that 's being spent .
When do you think you can return to China ? 
I can on the 5th 
I have to go to the local installation company and AYEDAS to have a look 
Yea ! We 'll wait for you to return to discuss ideas for department development , since Manager Qiu is closely following this , we have to give him a reply 
OK 
I suspect that Manager Qiu wants to let Old Lu use you and make our department into a marketing department , do you see ? 
That is possible .
There 's nobody in the Marketing Department , but somebody has to do all that work .
Finished reading the cooperation letter of intent ? Have anything to add or revise ? 
I 'm looking now , there 's a little problem with article four 
Each party shall respectively assume all expenses resulting from 
What 's the problem ? 
Old Lin is in front , if there are no limits , do we have to pay for his expenses ? 
Actually , what I want to express is that each side will bear its own expenses , how do you think this sentence can be correctly expressed ? 
Remove it , it 's not needed 
Remove this whole sentence under the 4th ? 
Yes , if you ca n't explain it clearly , do n't mention it 
Sure , see if there 's anything to add , I always feel like there 's too little content in the front , but there is a large chunk of fixed legal articles toward the end 
Framework agreements are all conventional language 
It 's either binding on both parties or vague 
Actually I tended towards vague 
Also , you have a problem in there , do you mean Crimea or all of Ukraine ? 
This cooperation is aimed at Crimea 's intelligent power grid project , but if there are other projects in Ukraine , we could also cooperate on them , it is just a lead - in 
The two NARI addresses do n't match , they have to be changed 
The former is the registered one , the latter is the correspondence address .
OK , I changed it to the registered address .
It 's OK if there are no problems 
Use the registered address for all addresses .
Is there any problem with the rest ? 
I 'm revising 
OK .
If Manager Qiu treats us like Old Lu 's department before , doing some superficial work , I will definitely leave ! 
Do n't worry , I wo n't agree to that either .
Let 's discuss it when you return and see how to bring it up with Manager Qiu .
Because it 's not good to get exhausted like this , when doing unimportant things all day long , the leaders will think you do n't do anything 
Yea ! 
There 's no results if you do a good job and if you do n't look good you 'll be criticized .
Yea 
OK , I 'm going to eat , the department wants to become more united and expand their own space 
OK , be safe when you go out . Talk when you get back .
Bye 
Bye bye 
Does your qq signature mean the last straw ? ( From mobile phone QQ2012 [ Android ] : Voice intercom , efficient communication ! ) 
Your understanding is correct . It 's the last straw which breaks the camel 's back . But this straw has been taken off today [ expression ] 
How ? ( From mobile phone QQ2012 [ Android ] : Voice intercom , efficient communication ! ) 
I had a little stress in the recent half - month , and it ’s gone now . I decided to go out shopping tonight [ expression ] 
Who was the camel ? What was the straw ? 
I hope you really have become relaxed and happy 
I am the camel , of course , and the straw is the pressure ! It is from an English saying . Thank you , ++. You observe things carefully every time 
Both my happiness and unhappiness are simple . When they pass , they pass 
I was shocked 
Did you think I was desperate ? 
It 's good that I did n't forget all my English 
I thought something happened to you 
I was drowning 
Was it stress from work ? 
Life 
I 've changed my signature 
Is it that taking care of Tutu requires a lot of energy and patience ? 
The nanny took half a month off , Tutu was sick , my husband went on a business trip , and my parents - in - law came . I felt like I was even more busy and tired than before . Fortunately , I survived 
I basically could only sleep for 2 hours every day 
But I 'm still tenacious 
It is n't easy 
Are your parents - in - law old ? 
The nanny came back today . I decided to reward myself with shopping . Tutu will go to kindergarten next Monday . I guess we 'll suffer again for a while . They are over 70 , and ca n't help much 
Oh 
I do n't want them to be tired , so I rush to do things 
We are far away from each other . Otherwise I could give you a hand 
I would n't be worried if you looked after the kid . Or , you move to Beijing 
I do n't have a place to move to [ expression ] 
Live at my home [ expression ] 
I want to , but I do n't dare 
Why would n’t you dare , if you bring your wife and child [ expression ] 
While one ’s parents are alive , one should not travel . If one has to travel , there should be a definite direction .
In " Twenty - four Stories about Filial Piety " , what touches me most is " Carrying Rice for One ’s Parents " 
Therefore , you are my teacher 
" The son desires to serve , but his parents are already gone . ” That 's the most painful thing 
So we need to fulfill our duty to our parents in the present . You 've done well 
I just went to buy some paper money to send to my mother tonight . I do this every year 
Is today the Ghost Festival ? I 'm ashamed – I 've never bought any paper money for my grandparents . I 'd like to learn from you 
You are very traditional 
Because my mother led a poor life when she was alive , I do n't want here still to be poor now 
Because my mother led a poor life when she was alive , I do n't want here still to be poor now 
In fact , as long as you are wealthy , she will be wealthy too 
The hearts of mother and son are always connected , whether in heaven or in the human world 
Yeah 
(( Form is higher than life ! )) My daughter says that her dad loves his mother most 
Only when the content is true can the form be valid 
Do you think that I 'm very outdated ? 
You are an unruly teenager on the surface , but are very traditional in your bones 
Sometimes , I feel that I am atoning for my sins 
So if people say that you have a lot of [ beautiful girls | beautiful eyebrows ] , I wo n't believe it [ expression ] 
I hate myself for being so late in becoming sensible 
People have their own growth pattern and paths 
There are n't any [ beautiful girls | beautiful eyebrows ] that like me [ expression ] 
Your wife is the most charming [ beautiful girl | beautiful eyebrow ] 
But doing these can purify and quiet my mind 
It is said that she 's especially good at acting like a spoiled child . Heh heh , I also like those with a clean heart 
She does not care about me as I am , and I get lost because of this , also 
Heh hee . My husband sometimes thinks in this way too . I need to reflect on myself 
I do n't like acting like a spoiled child . I like having tacit understanding ( From mobile phone QQ2012 [ Android ] : Voice intercom , efficient communication ! ) 
My husband said that I 'm no good at acting like a spoiled child . I said I would be good if the other person was different [ expression ] 
Teacher , what do you think is the most meaningful thing in people 's life ? 
I guess your husband likes the type of Lin Zhiling 
First , lead a good life for yourself 
and then benefit others 
What kills me is that I am his [ type | dish ] 
You are funny 
If I change him , then I wo n't be able to acclimatize [ expression ] 
So we are still perfect match 
I can imagine how happy you are 
You are the legend of love in a modern vision 
We should be happier than most people , so we are content 
It 's just that people 's success and happiness can not be copied 
Otherwise , I would have a brand - new image .
Do good and accumulate merit , then God naturally will bestow gifts . So I always am grateful for God 
Yeah 
Speaking of God , I think of Nietzsche 's words : When people think , God laughs 
I have something . Chat with you later . [ Bye bye | 88 ] 
Hello , dear 
It turns out that I have your qq number 
Great 
Can you send to my mailbox before the end of work today ? 
Ho ho 
OK .
Um . OK .
Is there any requirement for word count ? 
A brief introduction will work , right ? 
About 15 minutes ' time 
OK 
Try to write as many as possible , and let them choose then 
OK . 15 minutes is a very long time 
Um , not a short time 
Hello , Manager Liu . Has n't our message been marked as sticky yet ? 
Was it opened yesterday ? 
The technical staff will contact you when they come in the afternoon 
Are you there , Manager Chen ? 
Has there been any applicant for the recruitment in the past two days ? 
No 
Are you there ? 
I have to leave early this afternoon . My maternal grandfather passed away , and I have to burn joss paper in the afternoon , so I have to leave a bit earlier 
I hereby report this to you 
Troubles always come together .
There have been so many things in the past two years 
There will also be a surgery in two days~~ 
Um . OK , you can just leave early .
Who will receive the surgery ? 
My aunt , who has a tumor 
It has already spread 
My God . Ah , is that cancer ? 
Not exactly , but it is very severe 
The risk of the surgery is not small 
Where does the tumor grow ? 
Several places 
Ah ? ! That is really serious .
Alas 
Manager Zhao , there will be four people coming for the interview at half past nine on the morning of Monday .
Are you there ? 
I 'm here 
I would like to ask if the cards for monetary contribution to parents are issued ? When can they be sent to our parents ? 
Fangfang is following up with this . You can ask her tomorrow . She asked for leave today 
OK 
Are you there ? 
Get online . Hurry ! 
It is urgent .
Are you at work today ? 
What is urgent ? 
Not anymore 
There is nothing now 
What can I say ? 
Where have you been ? 
You responded so slowly 
I was going back and forth between the 3rd and 2nd floors 
I am exhausted 
Now you are back to the 2nd floor ? 
=Oh 
Besides , to whom do I send the meeting minutes ? 
Did Fangfang ask for leave ? 
You can just send them tomorrow 
Hi 
May I ask whether you are an exchange student ? Are you at Wharton's ? 
Yes 
Do you know a female student called Hu Jiayin ? From Tsinghua ? 
I do n't . Has she also come on an exchange ? I came over from Peking University .
Yes 
She is also at Wharton 's , from Tsinghua 
Are you in the third year ? 
I 'm doing an MBA 
Oh ~~~~ 
I do n't think there is much contact between people on different projects 
Oh , I see ~ 
OK , then ~~~ 
Thank you ! 
Oh , by the way ~~~~ 
You 're welcome 
Have you come on an exchange for one semester ? Or for an academic year ? 
Wharton 's is really terrific !!! 
I 'm on an exchange for one semester , and will go back in a month 
Yes ! I 've come on a pilgrimage to Wharton 's [ emoticon ] 
Uh-huh , uh-huh ! 
What 's your major ? 
I 'm doing Environmental Studies 
I just enrolled this year ~~~~ 
Where are you staying ? On campus ? 
I 'm staying on Sansom East , which saves a lot of trouble 
Hmm ~ 
I 'm staying at 3717chestnut , which is also quite close to you guys ~~~~ 
Hmm . I 'll drop in when I 'm free 
OK ! ~ 
My name is Lin Min ~~~~ 
Oh , my name is Peng Lei 
Hmm ~ Let me leave you a phone number ~~~ 
Contact me whenever you 're free ~~~ 
OK . If there 's anything on , you can contact me . I 'm going to get a phone card tomorrow 
OK ! ~ 
Send me a text message once you 've got it ~~~~~ 
OK . No problem 
Hi , are you there ? 
Yes ( from cellphone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] : voice conversation , effective communication ! ) 
Are you on WeChat ? Let me talk to you on WeChat 
Hi~ 
Do you have the QQ number of that young female student we met that day from Tsinghua ? ~ 
=No 
I definitely added her that day , but I wonder why she has n't responded 
What are you contacting her for ? 
I 'm also concerned ... 
I do n't know her number either ... That 's the key problem 
That 's why it 's so odd 
Hu Jiayin 
I remember 
Can you exit yours and close it down , dear ? 
I was wrong there ... 
I was using my cellphone just now ... 
She 's on her own , so how come she does n't come and see us ? 
I 've brought her over to my room before 
She 's probably forgotten your room number ... 
Do you know where she lives ? 
I remember it was on the third floor 
east 
But it was at the farthest end ... and there were two rooms there ... 
I 've forgotten which one it was ... 
How about we go over and try them one at a time ... ? ! It 's the most unsophisticated and the most direct method ... 
There are loads of rooms , gosh ... 
Do you remember the rough direction ? 
Yes 
OK , then 
When shall we go to take a look ? 
But she 's got a roommate . There should n't be a great problem 
Tomorrow afternoon , I need to go to the department . I 've got time in the morning 
I probably wo n't be able to get up in time in the morning ... 
How about I contact you when I 'm up ? 
Eh … but I 've forgotten if it 's to the left or to the right ... 
307 ? 
[ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
Haha 
We can have a try 
OK , OK 
Have you got something to do tomorrow in the department ? 
I think I 've got an orientation , but I do n't know when it is ... 
- - 
I 've just realized ... I think I need to go to the department at 10 o'clock tomorrow morning as well . I think they 're taking our photos ... 
Oh , if nothing really works , just do it in the evening . I think that , as she is a female student here on her own , she will definitely be in the dorm 
Hmm , OK ~ 
Look up the weather in Philadelphia ~ See =if there 's going to be any rain 
=so I do n't go into the department in my slippers again and feel like it may be ... 
It will rain every day for the next few days ~ 
... 
Really annoying !!! I 'm fed up of it constantly raining , but I do n't like too much sun either , , 
Hello ? 
Are you there ? 
Your [ Wanglintong | Neighboring Network Service ] for Recruitment has been opened 
Both the user name and password are your own account 
Just ask me when you have any question ! 
I have received it . Thank you 
You 're welcome 
You can check out how to post messages 
Ask me =when you do n't know how to do 
OK 
Beauty 
Do you have time ? 
Yes 
What 's the matter ? 
I 'm asking for advice .. 
Advice for what ? 
How should a man usually reply when a woman sends a SMS telling him that she has eaten too much and has gained weight again and needs to lose weight ... 
..... 
... 
Say what is in your mind 
We almost fought again earlier .. 
.. 
Have you ever sent this to your man ? 
Oh ? 
Yes , I have 
My boyfriend said 
No problem~ You 're chubby to begin with~ 
What if you say it every two days .. ? 
I wo n't say it often .... 
Ai , I must not have adapted to the pace of the women .. 
What did you say ? 
You should say 
You look better when you are a little fatter~ 
It 's not good to be too thin 
Not really . She asks me often so I say different things~ 
Right 
I said that already .. 
Sure enough , I ca n't persuade her to eat less ... 
Of course you ca n't persuade her to eat less ! 
You 're stupid 
.. I 'm indeed stupid .. 
Very stupid~ 
Ai , it seems that I need to ask you for advice more in the future .. 
It 's 
Take your time to learn~ 
.. 
Has school started ? 
School starts tomorrow 
Is there any ceremony or whatever ? 
Yes 
Everything 's over now `~~~ 
I 'm studying the courses 
OK ~ Go to bed early then tonight 
I do n't know =when I can sleep 
Slacking off too much recently ~~~~ 
... 
Do you have classes in the morning ? 
I do n't think so 
In the first two weeks , I audited classes everywhere 
Oh ~ 
[ Piggy | Zhuzhu ] , what are you doing ? 
Writing something , I 'm having a headache and do n't want to write 
What are you doing ? 
I just came to the lab and am checking my mailbox 
You 're still in China , are n't you ? 
Yes 
I 'm going back to China on the 11th 
Coming back to China to do something ? 
Just to visit relatives , and it 's the first time that I 'm bringing the kids back 
Oh 
My pay still has n't gone into my account .
Then I shall go to remind them again today .
They are all a bunch of lazy people . I really want to whip them .
Well , forget it . No errors should appear in financial accounts like these , perhaps this is an occasional situation 
Have you made adjustments to the training time with other people ? 
I still do n't know what errors previously occurred . We just trusted them too much , it used to be whatever that was paid out .
Yeah , go and check the account every month in the future 
There is no statement of account . Who knows if it 's right or wrong . I rarely know the details . It 's not the same every month .
Tell the others about the matter of adjusting class schedules at an earlier time . Do n't wait until the time comes to say it . Other people have their own work arrangements 
All right .
Starting from next month , I will go to Finance to print out the payroll 
This month 
Did you contact Danlei ? 
No. There was nothing much so I did n't bother her . The new school term has started now . Time is tight .
Yeah . She started school on the 5th . I am going to my mother 's place in a moment . After the students have reported for school on the weekend , I shall be busy . So I 'll take advantage of the little time now to hurry over . If there 's nothing else , I 'll log off now 
Have you adjusted your class schedule with others ? What time have you adjusted it to ? 
Do you walk every day now in the morning and evening , or just in the evening ? 
I discovered that your personal cultivation really [ leaves a lot to be desired | can not be complimented ] , you always never promptly reply to the messages I send you 
And what 's the matter now ? I went out to exercise . Annoying .
Thank you , old classmate , I 'm very honored 
Haha , I originally wanted to make a reservation and send a greeting card that you would get on your birthday , but I was n't careful and sent it out .
It does n't matter if it 's early or late , it represents my true best wishes for you [ expression ] 
Are you doing OK in Shanghai ? I 've been to Shanghai twice , I did n't know where you were each time 
I 'm really very grateful to you , yours were the first good wishes I received 
You 're in an important position , I am very moved you would think of a nobody like me 
We were just classmates in our freshman year of high school , then were put in different classes .
You left a very deep impression on me , I knew your father , Principal Zhou , and your brother Zhou Yihu were both very outstanding people , and I have always held high respect for your family 
I saw the photo of you at the Shenzhen gathering 
Your previous classmate Yun always talked to me about you 
I remember when we were in school , you were such an elegant , pretty , charming girl ; it 's been twenty years , in your photos you 've become wise , but are still very pretty , and give the impression of a mature woman 
Pardon my rudeness , we have n't met for twenty years and there 's no need to flatter you , they are heartfelt words 
I hope you will be like this forever 
I 'm doing well in Shanghai , I lived for ten years in Beijing but did n't see you 
If you have the chance to come to Shanghai , Yun Gong and I will wait for your illustrious arrival 
Haha , what important position and nobody , old classmates are always equal , I 'm just an ordinary woman of ordinary appearance who nobody recognizes on the street .
Thank you for your praise of me , I really enjoyed it ! 
During freshman year of high school we never said such things , right ? 
We were young then and did n't understand how to cherish things .
I came to Beijing in 2001 , you stayed in Beijing for 10 years ? 
We must have run into each other , right ? That 's too bad we did n't see each other .
If I have the chance I will be sure to go to Shanghai to see you .
Do you usually sleep very late ? Working at night ? Haha , staying up at night is not good for your health ! 
HI 
Is the class group shut down already ? 
No way 
Less people are talking now 
They ’re waiting for you 
They ’re not 
It ’s on and off 
Sometimes people are busy 
Sometimes it ’s full of people participating 
It ’s not as lively as it was before , is it ? 
The enthusiasm has faded 
Yes 
Indeed 
People have to work 
They ca n’t lose their job for busy chatting every day 
They have to earn their pension 
Who else still stick to it every day ? 
A lot 
They still have to support their children 
Yes 
School has begun , and I 've been to my lessons ~~~ My head is spinning ~~ 
Heh , what were they like ? 
OK , I think 
I 've been attending lectures everywhere over the past couple of days 
It 's really difficult to decide on the course selection ... 
Do n't you know anyone doing that major of yours ? 
Their suggestions are very useful 
I do 
But our major is really too free - going 
You can choose whatever courses you like ... 
Is n't that good ? 
and then , although I did n't fully understand the lectures I attended over the past couple of days , 
I thought they were really interesting 
and so I really want to choose ~ 
Haha 
What courses ? 
One on government relations 
and another one on risk management 
Hehe , they sound pretty good 
Yes 
Although I did n't fully understand what the teachers were saying in the lessons … 
If you ca n't understand it , you could only read the books 
Right 
What is the place you 're staying in like ? 
But I think they are OK ~ They 'll be fine after I 've got used to them ~~~~ 
Pretty good 
The only thing is the building is quite =old 
Old 
But it 's really close to the school 
Cool ! 
Do you think the things in Chinatown are delicious ? 
Yes ! 
Really delicious ~ 
Everything was in Chinese in the Chinese supermarkets ~~~~ 
Well , of course ! 
I thought it was really welcoming ~~~~ 
My cooking skills have even improved since I arrived here ~ 
Haha , terrific ! 
I cooked rice every day before school started ~ 
But I 've been busy since school started and probably wo n't have any more time to do so ~ 
Hi 
=When are you going to New York ? ~ 
I 'm also thinking of going ~~~ When the time comes , we could meet up in New York ~~~~ 
I 'll arrive on September 16th 
I just went out to have a workout 
OK ! 
Well , how long will your vacation in New York be for ? 
3 days , I think 
Four days 
And then ? 
Could you go back to China in September ? 
Then I 'm going to Las Vegas and LA 
... 
and going to see the Grand Canyon 
That sounds really free and easy ! 
Are you on your own ? 
I 'm going back on October =1st 
Or with your classmates ? 
No , yes 
Hmm ~~~ 
OK ~~~ 
By the way , give me your phone number 
so we can contact each other easily at the time 
=What time will you get to New York on September 16th ? 
I 've bought my phone number , but at the moment it seems I ca n't use it anymore 
I have n't paid any money 
I see ... 
It 's useless 
In that case , how can I contact you ? 
I could give my schoolmate 's phone number to you 
OK 
I 'll ask her 
=She is n't online yet 
Never mind ~ 
I 'll arrive in the evening 
Let me know after you 've asked her ~ 
I 've added you on WeChat ~~~~ 
OK 
OK 
What time will you guys get to New York on the 16th ? 
Let me have a look 
We 'll get there in the evening - let me have a look at the airline tickets we booked 
OK . Let me know your itinerary when the time comes ~~~~ 
ok 
And how many days you 're staying , etc 
I 'm going to bed now 
Today 's lessons were really exhausting ... 
Good night ~~~~ 
ok 
Good night 
My senior fellow student ~ where are you going for dinner tomorrow night ? And at what time ? 
At 7 o'clock on Friday evening 
Sang Kee 
OK ! 
Have you got a secret signal or =whatever ? 
I ... 
Just shout out " my senior fellow student " when arriving ? 
Is that right ? 
More or less ... 
OK ! I know now ! 
It 's at the Sheraton , is n't it ? 
After you get there , just say that there are fifteen people in our group 
I should be able to get there a little bit earlier 
Besides , you could give me a call 
OK , then ! 
Got it ~~~~ 
You only need to bring your student ID , and then you can show them this email 
This is the information on the website 
We have already applied the discount 
Is this another discount 
It is still that original discount for student accounts 
Huh , then I do n't know , it says there 's a 12 % discount if you 're a student , or why do n't you go and ask again when you walk by there , see if they can give another discount or not 
We are getting 12 % 
Its always been after applying the discount 
Huh , then its already been applied 
Oh , its like this , then forget it 
Right 
That 's the style , right ? I can directly buy one , right ? 
It looks like that is n't the one I bought 
That is such a =huge bargain 
Can you ask the seller what the difference is ? 
Two models 
Do they want the same trolley suitcase as last time ? 
I have n't asked them yet 
I 've recently been getting back rather late 
After I 'm back , I check their homework and forget it 
I think that small one would be OK 
Oh . There 's no need to rush . Maybe there 'll be a few more backpacks available shortly 
No rush 
It 's that blue one 
I 'd say the pink one 
I 'm talking about the bread - making machine 
There 's no hurry over the backpacks 
OK , thanks 
Yes 
No 
Sent wrongly 
Hehe 
I told my colleagues about your industrial TV 
I have been paying attention to your stuff 
I do n't know whether it will succeed 
Hehe 
Not many chances recently , let 's discuss it again when there 's a chance 
OK ? 
OK , no problem 
You are free ? 
What do you mean ? 
My babysitter has come back 
I do n’t need to do housework anymore 
Haha 
Oh 
Congratulations 
Hehe 
Are you still in Hankou ? 
Yes 
If everything works like a clock , I need to stay in Hankou for three years .
That long 
Yes 
However , it ’s not overseas . I can go home everyday 
Hehe 
Yes 
You are not busy recently , are you ? 
I am 
Are you still busy ? 
It seems like I have never been idle 
It ’s different from what I have imagined 
Hehe 
It ’s busy here , too 
Only that we do n’t have pressure after work 
Oh 
I thought you [ picture ] , and I clicked at it .
Zhang Qiang , do you have a kettle for boiling water at the warehouse there ? 
Master Zhu here needs to use it when he is on duty at night 
We have one 
It was returned from Beijing 
Good , ask Qin Liuhua to bring it over in the afternoon 
It 's not electric . It 's an individual aluminum bottle 
Do you need a thermos flask ? 
We do n't have that 
I need an electric one 
Give him a thermos flask and just buy an electric heater 
He needs to boil hot water 
Do you have any thermos flask ? 
That will work 
Okay 
Then bring the thermos flask over 
We do n't have it here 
Hi 
Hi 
What do you do ? 
Clerk 
OK 
In the city of Harbin ? 
Yes 
And you ? 
I want to find a friend of mine 
Someone I know ? 
I 'm in Beijing , and I do wholesale of clothing 
That 's good 
No picture , I do n't know you 
Oh 
Haha 
Hehe 
Something for you to laugh at me for 
You 're a guy , right ? 
I 'm a girl 
You do n't seem so 
Can you send a picture ? 
There 's a picture 
You did n't see it ? 
ok 
Haha 
Someone else ? 
I saw it , you 're quite pretty 
Thanks 
Is it Ce Ce ? 
Yes 
Ce , how is everything going in the =US ? 
Just OK~ The meals are very unpalatable 
It will be fine after you get used to them 
Can you understand the classes ? 
It depends on the teacher 's accent . I have just attended one lesson 
This teacher does n't have a =strong accent . I can understand if I concentrate to listen to him . In addition , it 's consistent with the direction of my graduation thesis , so I understand the specialized vocabulary 
Ha ha ha , that is good 
Ce Ce , you have to take care of =yourself in the =US 
Yourself 
Remember ? When you come back , I want to give a hug to you , who once hugged foreigners 
Um , you are roommates ? 
Shake your hands that once shook with foreigners 
No 
We are neighbors 
Because we did not apply in advance , the dormitories are arranged at random by the faculty 
Zhou , I 'm sending you some anode materials . Give me an address for express delivery .
OK 
Zhou Xiaoliang , room 417 , building 2G , Science Park , Harbin Institute of Technology , 150080 , phone number 13796029712 
Teacher , do you have any good movies ? " Legally Blonde " and " Three Idiots " , which you recommended last time , were both very good 
There are no good movies lately . I ’ll tell you when I see something good . Is everything okay ? 
Heh heh , it ’s okay . I ’m planning to apply for graduate school . Are you in Wuhan ? 
Yeah , I ’m back 
Oh . You are really =energetic – you can go play everywhere 
I ’m a person who loves to play to begin with . The opportunity allows me the ability to visit more places 
That ’s under the premise of the capability to do so 
Are you planning to apply for graduate school ? That ’s good 
Yeah . Many people in our class are applying . They ’ve all lost hope with hiring . Heh heh 
Is the hiring situation not good ? Anyway , I think having a masters degree will be a must in the future 
But I think our abilities are insufficient , and the recruiting people make us lose hope 
You should ’ve already prepared mentally 
Heh heh . I ’ll apply for graduate school to avoid pressure from society 
I have something here . Let ’s cha later 
Yeah 
Teacher Chen , happy Teacher 's Day .
Thank you . I also wish you success in work , and happiness .
You there ? 
There is a Chinese school in cherry hill NJ that is recruiting a Sunday Chinese teacher ~ 2 - 4 pm ~ $ 20 / h 
Sister , I 'm sorry , I just got back , I gave you a call and got through but I could n't hear any sound 
I could n't hear your sound either 
This opportunity is very good , wow 
Can I go 
The signal at the place I live is not very good 
It 's just its fairly far away ~ in New Jersey 
Then how will I go , can I go by bus 
How long is it there and back 
I do n't know the specific place 
Teacher Wu 
I 'll just say you introduced it to me , right 
OK 
Yeah 
OK , thank you sister 
Do n't mention it 
I need to send her an email 
Wrong 
Send a resume 
You can send it 
OK 
Is that place quite far away 
That is do you think so 
I think it 's quite a ways away 
OH , OK , I 'll first ask then 
Sister , do you have class tomorrow 
I have class from 2 o'clock to 4 o'clock in the afternoon 
So you 'll be at school , do you also want me to bring over the tool box for you when you 're at school 
No hurry no hurry ~ I 'll go to your place to pick it up when I have time 
Ha ha , that 's fine , if you come I 'll cook something for you ha 
My kitchen here is quite large 
Ha ha ~ OK ~ 
Even though my room is extremely small 
Right , for that email do I need to write it in English or Chinese 
I think should n't you use Chinese for a Chinese school ? 
Use English 
Oh , OK 
=Teacher Wu 
Oh , OK OK , ha ha , I have not written like this before , thank you 
No problem 
Sister , are you not going there yourself 
I 'm not going 
Is it because it is too far 
I 'll first finish the classes over here at the University of Pennsylvania 
Oh , right right , ha ha , then can you tell me when you 'll have me go observe , ha 
Yeah ~ OK 
Gosh , 
Chongchong has to go for a minor procedure 
Oh 
That thing of boys 
I took him for a check - up yesterday 
The doctor suggested the October 1st holiday 
Last time , Xiaoyan 's kid did it too . Is it the one with the foreskin that is too long ? 
It happens that I will be free to take care of him at home 
Yes 
That has to be done early , this is a minor procedure , do n't worry too much 
It 's a holiday , and you can take good care of him 
Yes , one every 10 - 20 minutes 
Very quick 
But you must take good care later , it can not be infected 
Yes , it happens to be on holiday and everyone is at home 
Hehe 
It should heal in one week . There is something extra for you to worry about again . Being a mom is a tough job , especially one with two kids [ emoticon ] 
Jingjing is fine 
He does n't need to 
It 's only for Chongchong 
I 'm saying it 's usually also tough on you , mother of two kids 
is more tiring than if mother of one 
But your kids are well disciplined , quite obedient 
Qingfeng said they are over-disciplined 
He criticized me a few times 
His is a daughter , a bit delicate 
Hehe 
I 'll see if I have time on the October 1st holiday , I may make a trip to Donglin Temple 
I 'll ask Huiying then whether she wants to go 
Jiujiang 
Where 's Donglin Temple ? 
It 's a sacred place of Buddhism 
Very famous ? 
Qinghua and the others went for a seven - day Buddhist retreat 
Quite pious 
Qinghua 
I wo n't go for any particular purpose 
You can pray for family members 
I want to go , and will look at the timing then and see how it goes 
Hehe 
I also heard it from Qinghua 
Qiong , some things are really weird whether you believe it or not 
I did n't want a kid in the first three years of my marriage 
Later on , I wanted one but could n't get pregnant 
I went to Nanchang and a TCM physician got my body in shape and said everything was fine , but still I could n't get pregnant 
Later on , in '06 , the company organized a trip to Xiamen 
There 's a Putuo Temple there , very famous and one of the attractions , is n't there ? 
Right 
At that time , everyone made a wish 
I made a wish too 
I got pregnant the second month after coming back . Is n't it a coincidence ? 
Later on , when my kid was more than a year old , I had a dream 
Quite effective 
I dreamt of a row of Buddhas sitting there 
The next day , I told my elder sister , and my elder sister said , you should go and redeem your vow 
As my kid was still young , I went with her the second year 
Have you gone ? 
She was slightly more than two years ago then . It 's weird .
Hehe , Mount Putuo is very famous 
My colleague even prayed to Child - giving Guanyin for me 
When she saw joss sticks , she knew to ask for them and kneeled there like she knew what she was doing 
She used them up along the way 
Really ? 
Yes 
Only two years old 
She even kowtowed three times quite seriously , and then wanted to stick the joss sticks into the incense burner by herself 
Maybe she saw others all doing this 
Kids learn fast 
That trip to Xiamen later on was specially to redeem my vow , I also took the chance to take her to the seaside for some fun , hehe 
Oh 
Some things can not be explained clearly 
If you believe it , =then it 's there 
Qinghua is very pious 
There 's a Guiyuan Temple in Wuhan 
There are also many people reciting scriptures there 
They eat in turns 
Xiaoyan is also a staunch believer 
She worships Buddha at home 
What is Xiaoyan busy with recently ? 
Why has n't she been online ? 
She has to manage stuff at home 
I heard her saying that she was asked to recruit workers , the old one left without even telling her , she said it was quite difficult to recruit people 
Oh 
Her husband wants her to recruit people , ah , and sometimes she even said she wanted to close it down . Xiaoyan is also handling everything inside and outside the company 
Xiaoyan deals with everything outside the company 
Haha 
Is that right ? 
I heard it from Xiaoyan 
I have not seen her husband 
Men shall not be pampered 
Haha 
I heard from her that her husband is an introvert with quite a big temper . Xiaoyan said she always has to give in to him a little 
Xiaoyan also has quite a personality 
She said whenever her husband throws a temper , he runs away and washes his hands of everything 
That 's why Xiaoyan said there are more times she gives in to him , or else , the factory wo n't be able to stay open 
Honglan also complained tearfully that Xiaobing has a bad temper 
Really bad 
Xiaobing looks quite cheerful 
Just a few days before we went to Shenzhen , they two got into a huge quarrel 
Honglan wanted to go with us together with her kid 
without taking care of things in the factory 
Yes 
I also asked her to come out 
have some fun 
and ignore him 
Maybe things got fine later 
[ Every family has a skeleton in the cupboard | Every family has a scripture that is difficult to read ] 
Men can not be pampered 
In my family , I also give in to him 
Hehe 
He has a bad temper , and is fierce to the kid at the drop of a hat 
Why are all of them so terrible ? 
Anyway , like what my mother said , it 's enough as long as one can tolerate it 
I thought about it and she 's right 
Yes 
That 's why , usually , mothers have it much tougher 
When a woman has a family , she puts her heart and soul into her family 
kids and what have you 
So we must be good to ourselves 
When the kids are grown up , we are also old 
Our whole lifetime is also gone 
Jiao 's husband is quite good 
When Jiao gets frustrated taking care of her kids at home , her husband will go home and cook and even know to say some nice words 
That day , on the street , her husband had with him the older one and the younger one who was one year old 
Ah , to tell the truth , I have n't ever seen such a patient man 
You saw it ? 
When Jiao was in Ji'an last time 
This time in Shenzhen , he said to me 
Why is n't your husband here to take care of your kids ? 
Haha 
But most of the guys in our class seem to quite dote on their wives 
saying he was absurd 
One person taking care of two kids 
was too tough 
Haha 
He could n't be blamed for that , it 's inappropriate for your husband to come when it 's a classmate gathering 
We just said a few sentences after taking a boat over 
Just these 
Haha 
Feiyong is a role model 
It seems he loves his family very much 
So busy outside , yet he still goes home and does everything , big and small 
He often does n't bring it . Thank you 
Heh heh . I 'd like to send him a holiday greeting message . When you go home at night , please convey my deep respect and holiday blessings to your father , okay ? Thank you 
No problem . Thank you for your concern 
Teacher , you are so thoughtful , and so affectionate . I will learn from you 
Also wish your parents a happy holiday and good health ! 
Heh heh . Affectionate people do affectionate things . I just let nature run its course . Thank you for the blessings you sent , also [ expression ] 
Do happy things with affectionate people . Do n't ask whether it 's a karma or misfortune [ expression ] 
When I saw that you did n't respond for so long , I suddenly felt that what I said just now has different meanings , and seems to be kind of ambiguous [ expression ] 
Heh heh . I was busy just now . I have n't seen any ambiguousness [ expression ] 
You scared me . I thought you got angry ! 
Are you afraid of me being angry ? 
Of course 
It 's very dangerous to be expelled by the teacher 
There will be a warning first , then you will be kept in school but placed under surveillance . It ’s not easy to get expelled [ expression ] 
And also a demerit will be recorded 
[ Expression ] A kind teacher 
It 's very difficult to create and nurture a person , but it 's very easy to destroy a person , so be lenient 
Ah ! Your high - mindedness has struck my soul , Teacher 
I 'm very happy today . I may be the champion among students who have a happy time on Teacher 's Day 
Congratulations for winning the first place heroically 
It 's you who have given me happiness . Thanks 
Gaining wisdom together with Teacher 
Have common ideals , with one heart , and grow together 
You give me the interpretation , which is very much about Tao and very much about (( three )) 
Name 
You give me the interpretation , very deeply and clearly 
You put me in too high of a position 
It 's that I 'm too short and waste your meticulous care 
I have something . Chat later 
Teacher , can I ask you something ? ( From mobile phone QQ2012 [ Android ] : voice intercom , efficient communication ! ) 
?? 
How could I have hugged you at the party ? 
Just naturally . Maybe we met and gave a hug to obliterate gratitude and revenge 
My mind has always been blank 
and ca n't remember 
I think there should be an opportunity 
I do n't have that much courage 
Ha ha , my brain was also having a short circuit 
Right now , I just know that my feeling then was like flying and being weightless 
Did n't I scare you ? 
Heh heh . This girl has seen the lions . We can ask other students on the scene what happened 
I have wanted to know what was on your mind , but I do n't know where to start 
I dare not ask 
Heh heh . There is nothing . It was a pure hug after 20 years 
How come there is nobody in the group gossiping about this ? 
Frankly speaking , I feel I was very impulsive . No wonder Teacher said I have n't grown up 
Anyway , why are there no photos ? 
Heh heh , I have no connection with scandals 
Heh heh . Now I somehow admire my passion and courage 
We met and gave a hug to obliterate gratitude and revenge . No matter what , it was worth it 
My father said thank you 
Have you gone home ? 
I sent words at noon 
Then I need to thank you 
He seemed to feel very warm 
I 'll stop chatting . After a while , Teacher will say why I am so complicated 
Really ? 
People have to grow up , and not let the mind fly around 
It 's good you know this 
You need to bury it and need to let it settle 
Take care of your health . The weather is getting cold , Teacher 
It 's the best weather in a year . You too 
Your nose is not healthy , so you especially ca n't catch a cold 
Thanks for your reminder . I always love myself very much 
The height is 159 , neither fat nor thin , and facial appearance is good . He is graduated from Hubei Academy of Fine Arts , born in Jiangxi , and his family is operating a business . He is currently assisting in his family 's own business . He 's born in 1986 
The network speed is not good 
The connection is frequently lost 
Oh 
I am washing dishes 
Has the girl finished washing the dishes ? 
What are you doing ? 
Fan Tianjing has come . We chatted for a while .
I am reading English now .
Oh 
What are you doing ? 
I have just finished helping the girl with her learning .
Let 's do video chat .
Ho ho , by whom is this introduced ? 
My wife 's sister .
Oh , thank you very much . It 's fine 
That would be nice . Then I 'll tell him .
=OK . Thank you . Is he in Wuhan ? 
Of course .
Is his family doing business in Wuhand as well ? 
Yes .
You can think about what else you need to know . Tell me as well .
Ho ho . I mainly want to ask about his personality .
OK . I 'll ask . You do n't mind if the other party is not officially employed ? 
I do n't mind ...... As long as he can earn his own living 
OK . I am glad that you can think this way . The key is getting along well . I 'm going to tell him .
Ho ho , =OK . Thank you .
Dear ! 
I 'm here 
Your signature is really exuberant !!! 
[ What | Divine horse ] have you been busy doing recently ? 
Are you in Xiamen at the moment ? 
So will you always work in Xiamen in the future ? 
Thanks . [ emoticon ] 
I 'd like to ask something . Does a Canadian visa require proof of funding sources ? My friend 's child got rejected 
It requires a description of funds 
There seems be no resources required 
Current accounts of funds 
It 's said that fund flow is required 
Okay 
It 's really a hassle 
It 's quite annoying 
Has your son been doing well over there ? 
He is okay , just seldom contacts us . The internet there is often down 
Oh , you are sad then 
I 'm not sad , but I just want to know when he will take IELTS .
I heard people in the group saying that the test seats are difficult to apply 
I 'm anxious 
It should be very soon . It 'll be easier to take a test in that environment 
Is there also a problem in Canada ? 
The kid just said it 's on December 8th . I do n't know where he 'll take the test . Some kids have to go to another city to take the test 
He himself should know clearly . Boys are like that . You wo n't know even if he tells you 
I do n't have much to do currently , so i just want to know his situation over =there 
He seems to be studying hard now 
There is nothing I can do , because the internet is not good 
I 'll going out to do grocery shopping . Chat with you later 
Have you moved or =not ? 
I 've moved some things over , but not everything ... 
I just saw the homework assigned by the teacher ... 
I am thinking of continuing the move during the weekend ... 
Happy Holidays [ Tip : This user is using Q+ Web : http://web.qq.com/] 
Thanks . Preparing to go back to China for vacation ? 
Yes 
Are you still =in Huangshi ? 
Yes . Still in Huangshi .
Looks like the half - year shipping schedule is n't due yet , 
It 's due , almost 6 months already 
That 's fast . Suddenly half a year has passed . How long is your vacation ? 
Me and Zhang Wei , =together . He 's a student in the Japanese class 
Yes , a student I once mentored . He has worked on the ship for many years . And also Wang Xiaofei , I wonder if you were able to meet him 
I have met him . He already went home for the holidays 
Yeah , Zhang Wei is an [ old fox | old deep - fried dough stick ] 
Oh , they are from grade 03 of vocational education . Yes , they have worked for a long time .
Ought to have married now .
He has n't , 
What about Xiaofei ? 
Not so clear about Xiaofei . Not =in the same department , I rarely see him 
They were born in '84 and '85 . No longer young .
Yeah , the pressure is great now 
Having worked for so many years they should have enough economic ability to start a family now 
Hoho , no way , Teacher , (( not saving money )) 
I heard Teacher Deng say your brother Li Hongshan went to the school before . I did n't met him .
Yes . I went too . You were not =at school 
Will you return directly to Shandong this time , or will you stop over in Wuhan ? 
The plane is =in Beijing . I reckon I 'll first go home , then =go to Wuhan if I have a chance 
How did the ticket come out to be such a mess .
Contact me if you have a chance to go to Wuhan . If there 's time let 's get together .
Originally I was flying to Wuhan , but what I bought was to Beijing , , only three days more before take - off , it ca n't be changed now either 
OK . It 's a must , Teacher 
No problem , let 's get together if there 's an opportunity in the future . It 's fine as long as it 's convenient .
Are you used to working on the ship ? 
It 's all right , both work and pleasure 
You can make it anywhere if your attitude is good .
Are you in touch with Gao Le and others ? 
Yes 
No longer . Left him messages but did n't receive any reply , so I did n't leave messages anymore . Hoho 
The three brothers in your family are all working now . Your mother should be able to enjoy life now .
He 's preparing to go study in Germany .
Oh , to Germany ? 
Yes . Going over in November , it seems .
What is he planning to do after all ? 
Spending money to study is good , but it must be utilized 
Changed so many jobs and finally decided to go abroad to study .
I do n't know what major he finally chose .
Expectations are too high / . ? Or the attitude is n't good ? 
A little of both . I said so previously .
Must depend on yourself in the future 
It depends on the individual , 
Yes . No matter how much you study , ultimately you still have to find a place for yourself in the society . Learning in school will forever be a stage of progression .
Right . You have to go out and adapt to the society , 
How many classmates of 06061 have gotten in touch with you ? 
Not many anymore 
They are all busy with their own things .
Teacher , let 's chat when there is time , I must get busy now 
Go ahead and get busy . [ emoticon ] [ Bye , bye | 886 ] 
Are you there , Elder Brother ? 
? 
Are the Spartan Warriors series yours ? 
Yeah 
Please print page 32 for me ... 
I 'm very busy 
... Oh 
Go ahead and do your stuff then 
Shengsheng ~ Has my credentials arrived in the mail yet ? ? 
I sent it out . It should have arrived 
Did you write down my file number when you =sent it ? 
Do you have the order number ? 
I wrote it down 
It 's been over a week since I sent it out . It should have arrived . Contact the office to ask them 
Okay ~ thanks 
Teacher Zhou 
Busy lately ? 
It 's OK 
How have you been recently ? 
Busy 
Bought a car yet ? 
Tentatively set for November 
Buying a Japanese car ? 
I must master driving before buying 
I do n't dare to buy , for fear it may get smashed up 
Hahaha 
Any progress with that project of ours ? 
There is progress . Buying more equipment recently 
What equipment are you going to buy ? 
Hehe , anything for me ? 
Buying equipment for making stainless steel mesh 
The fuel cell project has not been progressing much recently 
Is it ? 
I 'll contact you when there is anything related , it 's a must 
What equipment is the stainless steel mesh equipment ? 
It 's just punching equipment 
OK , I 'll wait for your good news , so we can make big bucks 
I 'm still running short of money for the car purchase , hehe 
I think we are only buying domestic - made equipment worth 20,000 - 30,000 
OK , rest assured 
Hehehe , when are you coming to Beijing ? I 'll buy you a meal . I wo n't be going to Northeast China anytime soon 
You 're being humble . What is the price range of the car you are planning to buy ? 
About 100,000 
I do n't have much money at the moment 
I do n't know when , let 's see when there is a chance 
Haha 
There are many good cars at this price range 
Can the fuel cell project be carried out this year ? 
It 's not cheap 
Give a recommendation 
This is hard to say 
I mean car 
I 'll definitely recommend when there is a chance 
Oh 
Hehe 
I mean , what cars do you think are quite good ? 
Sagitar 
Sagitar costs 140,000 - 150,000 all in all 
New Polo is also quite OK 
Polo is too small 
Oh 
Polo does not have a lot of space 
Domestic - made Great Wall Haval H6 
is so - so 
What do you think of Zhonghua Junjie FSV ? 
I think that car is quite good 
I do n't know much about it 
I 'm more interested in German cars 
You can take a look 
German cars ? 
I heard Zhonghua is OK 
I think it 's OK , both its external form and performance should be fine 
Fine , absolutely no problem for family use 
I 'm not doing anything big , it 's enough to just buy an ordinary car 
I 'm just doing sales calls 
Mainly , I think you have to consider the issue of fuel consumption 
An ordinary car will do , it 's useless to buy such a good car 
Fuel consumption ? In Beijing , if you have to consider fuel consumption , you can only buy small - displacement cars 
Big jams in Beijing 
It 's fine as long as one can afford it 
=Once , I drove for one hour and a half for a journey that takes only 10 - plus minutes 
I will get reimbursed 
Rich people can buy 4.2 
Hehehe 
That makes things easy 
When I buy a car , the company reimburses the fuel cost , around 1,000 per month , that 's about it 
It 's enough , your company is quite meticulous 
Beijing is big , 100 kilometers are gone when I just drive out for a while 
True 
Right ? 
1,000 is not enough at all 
I heard it is 4.2 per 100 km for golf 7 
golf is just a bit small , but it 's a good car 
Best among cars 
That 's on the highway , it has to be about 6 in Beijing 
Hehe 
I actually do n't really know 
I have n't driven , hehe 
Hehe , that 's for sure 
Traffic jam 
This car is a tad small 
Let 's chat later , I 've got something to take care of 
It 's upsetting when there is a traffic jam in Beijing 
OK , go do your stuff 
Hehe , very jammed 
I have n't been to , but what I have learned from collecting information is 
Do n't go 
... 
Why ... ? 
No scenery in the surrounding area 
[ Emoticon ] Ca n't you watch the night scenery ? ... 
Recommended night sceneries , the Hai River night scenery tour 
=Poor me , I 'm 17 and have never sat on a Ferris wheel 
Same here 
19 for me 
When I was young , I thought when I sat on a Ferris wheel it would turn at lightning speed ... missed many chances ... 
Oh oh 
Thank you sister 
No problem 
Sometimes when you 're busy and do n't answer me I can also understand 
You 're wrong , it does n't seem that our scholarship are directly given to us , and there is no need to work 
Yeah yeah , I know , I can understand just now 
Yeah , I indeed have been very busy this period of time 
A lot of jobs require work study 
Right , I encountered this last year as well 
I found some resumes on the employment website 
But none of them responded 
There was that linguistics ldc , as well as mentors 
I do n't know if they were n't looking for people or what 
What is a mentor 
Oh oh , I 'll directly let you see 
Oh 
That language center 's chinese tutoring 
It is n't mentor 
I was wrong 
And then those people we are currently contacting through the teaching site 
Others do n't know how to recruit teachers at all 
How can I contact them 
Have you participated in penn tell yet ? 
Yes 
Ha ha , ok 
I think lik this 
Send another email in a few more days 
Most sites will demand you observe half a year to a year before lead teaching 
Oh oh 
That is good 
Following after this I will prepare to send an email , asking them if they can take a look , or a ta 
They place so much importance on contacts here , doing networking and the like , it takes up a lot of time , there is a lot of reading , as well as getting down and finding a job 
Ha ha , this does n't count as contacts , you just came , so , now a lot of places are all second year students , when its this time next year , it will be you who occupies the market , so you need not be worried 
Ha ha , Americans say that networking is very important 
I 've always thought that making contacts is a very influential matter , ha ha 
Ha ha , contacts are indeed important , however , you can make them into a very un-influential matter 
How do you feel in your classes 
The classes are not bad , the teachers are quite good 
Furthermore , I like reading 
Yeah , do n't you think lsp 's class is boring 
Ha ha , its quite good 
I am currently writing a journel 
Ha ha , that is good 
When I took it last year everybody generally thought it was boring 
Hondo is a bit boring 
Ha ha 
Oh , ha ha , I have one of her classes this semester 
I think , I will not chose her again . She is hard to understand , you have to really concentrate 
Right , but after you 've listened for a while you 'll get used to it 
Furthermore , the way she holds class does not attract people 
This is very crucial 
You still need to hold a positive attitude , that she can teach here shows that she definitely has places where she 's exceptional 
Right ! I understand ! 
Yeah yeah , actually the teachers are all about the same , you only have two hours in class , it is mainly relying on yourself to read , and then think 
Yeah , but some teachers can get class to be interesting 
This is very crucial 
Ha ha 
This is indeed so 
You probably wo n't learn that much , but the time passes by relaxed 
This semester we are also learning how to make classes more interesting , ha ha 
Ha ha , some teachers did n't learn well 
Sister , you are so busy lately , I wo n't occupy your time any more ha . I 'll first take it slowly 
Yeah , OK , you go at it ~ ! 
Yeah yeah , I 'm learning from you ! 
Are you =there ? 
Um 
Wow 
I feel that it has been a long time since you were online last time 
I was hospitalized some time ago 
I 'm sorry 
I moved my house recently , and have been busy sitting in on optional classes , so I have barely been online 
Um , so you finally decided on the place to live ? 
Um 
I saw it on Xiaonei 
Have you gained weight in the US ? 
No ... I do n't even have three meals a day 
0.0 ... 
Why ? 
I do n't have time , or I am too lazy myself 
You are busy in such a way ? 
Is your roommate male or female ? 
Female 
I was moving my house . It will be fine after I settle down 
Um , um 
Let me see what a person in the American Empire looks like ? , 
I am sorry , it is not convenient for me to do video chat 
Oh , it 's fine 
You 're going to America soon , are n't you ? 
At the end of October 
Oh ! I met Li Qizheng and Xu Yanhong a couple of days ago 
You 're back in Beijing ? 
Where did you meet them ? 
Hmm . I 'm in Beijing , and we went to Xu Yanhong 's home 
How long are you staying there ? 
I 'm going back to Canada on the 26th 
Li Qizheng 's whole family came to Beijing at the weekend 
Oh 
Hi 
How are you doing with your girlfriend ? 
I made it up with her ! 
Hehe 
I 've thought it through 
How did you make the decision ? 
Am I being nosey ? 
I 'm using QQ on my cellphone ! 
I sent that by mistake 
Are you busy ? 
Speechless 
We 've buried the hatchet 
No 
Dada , tell me your account number 
The Olympic gift packs are coming out . Do n't you want to do it ? 
Damn it ! Is n't this obtaining money by deception ? 
Ha ha , did n't you see it ? 
I do n't want to do it now ... Nothing is any good if you ca n't find anyone 
I 'll feel better if I pay back your money first 
Heh heh 
Oops .. I need to take the China Merchants Bank card . I 'll call you tomorrow 
All right 
It 's no rush 
Mmm ... okay . I will rush to the China Merchants Bank tomorrow 
You 've gotten back to the mainland 
Yeah ... I got home after 2 o'clock on the early morning of 13th 
Not bad 
When are you going up again ? 
You are not on the oil wells near the Diaoyu Islands , are you ? 
No. I 'll go up again on October 12th 
Teacher Chen . It ’s so late and you still have n't gone to rest ? 
No. Is the child okay ? 
Went to the hospital for a physical examination today . Everything is normal 
Already one month old , that ’s so fast .
6.5 catties at time of birth , 12 catties now 
When he gets a little bigger , I 'll bring him over for Teacher Chen to have a look 
Is breast milk enough ? Or starting to drink powdered milk ? 
Okay . I do want to have a look . Very beautiful , right ? 
Chubby , always displaying a very vigorous expression 
Your parents must be very happy . Haha .
Going home and seeing him , the whole day 's exhaustion is all gone 
Heard He Qichao say that you do n't sleep well at night . Your eye circles are all dark .
Have you named him ? 
Got to feed him three times a night now 
At first we wanted to call him Feng Luojia , then later decided to call him Feng Luoxuan 
That 's the way it is now . We all came here like this .
Because he was born at the Zhongnan Hospital , at Luojia Mountain next to Wuhan University . I wanted to call him Feng Luojia 
There is a particular reason behind it , right ? 
My family did n't think it was good enough and changed it to Feng Luoxuan 
That 's fine . Luoxuan is not bad either . It has more grandeur , a man with an imposing appearance .
Sometimes you have to follow the old folks ’ will . I understand .
Yes . Must respect the elders ' will 
After calling him Luoxuan for some time , it feels very natural too 
Your home is in Hankou . Why did n't you give birth in Hankou 's hospital ? 
If I gave birth in Wuchang , it would be more convenient for my mother - in - law to take care of the child 
Oh . Your mother - in - law is helping to take care of the child now ? 
Yes . It was always my mother - in - law taking care of them during Zhu Yaqiong 's [ Chinese traditional postpartum confinement period | sitting the month ] after childbirth 
Send my greetings to Zhu Yaqiong .
Yeah . Thanks , Teacher Chen 
Teacher Chen , what arrangements do you have for [ China 's National Day | 10.1 ] ? 
I have n’t gone to visit Teacher Chen in a long time 
You 're all busy now too . I understand , I understand .
Huangshi 's commercial is on TV now . I saw it 
Wei Ting is no longer in Yuexi Peninsula . Changed jobs ? 
She apparently wants to have a child . She has resigned 
Yes . Huangshi has a lot more activities now . A world graffiti competition that just finished was organized by us .
Oh . Staying home to be a full - time wife now ? 
Yes 
Apparently =her husband also wants a child very much 
Wanting a child at this age is pretty good . Being older is n't good for the child . Therefore , now is the right time for you all to want a child 
When the child turned one month old , many classmates went , right ? 
Zhou Ke , Zhou Juan , Guo Ziying , Song Hongshan , and Zhang Lili came 
You have a lot to do for the child at night , I wo n't take up your time then . Be well . [ Emoticon ] 
Yeah . Teacher Chen , rest early 
Good night 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] [ Emoticon ] Hug the baby for me .
Are you there ? 
? 
Is the business license for the Sanshang store done ? 
It 's done but Finance is still using it 
Do you need it ? 
Um , g -- Okay 
I 'll drop it off to you in the afternoon 
I just want to ask 
If you need it urgently , I 'll drop it off to you in the afternoon 
If it 's not urgent , I 'll wait until Finance is done with it before I drop it off to you 
It 's not urgent 
Okay 
Hi , Miss Chen , have you verified the annual review data that we sent you earlier ? [ expression ] 
Yes .
It 's verified 
Um , good 
Then , if your company has time , arrange for the final payment . I 'll send the documents to your company before the holidays . Hehe 
Sure . I 've handed the final payment over to Finance and am waiting for verification .
It should n't be long 
Great , no problem 
What date are your off ? 
We 'll be off from the 30th 
Haha , same as us 
So are we . We get back to work on the 8th 
However , we come to work on the 3rd 
Oh , are n't the Mid-Autumn Festival holidays and the National Day holidays together ? 
Yes , it 's already good for us to have three days off 
However , we have customers who have three days off . Perhaps companies ' rules are different 
Ai , we are the most miserable 
We each have our own good 
For us , our holidays are normal . We follow the State . All other benefits are not good 
Not only do we not have any benefits , we do n't even have holidays 
Is it because of where you are ? 
This reason exists 
Right , it should have something to do with the region and the city 
Everything here in Shenzhen is high 
Let 's say salary , some companies are not bad , some are bad . Ours is bad 
It 's so so 
Brother Chubby ? 
I ’m here 
How many pairs in total are there in Female Doubles ? 
Five pairs . One - circle match 
Okay , thanks 
To be able to get into top 8 , how many contests do they have to win ? 
There are five teams in total . You ’ll get into top 8 without playing 
Do you have a brain ? Stupid 
Oh oh [ emotoicon ] , I did n’t pay attention just now 
It ’s wrong . 3 pairs , there are 3 pairs in total . There are only 2 contests . You can get into op 3 without playing 
I guess we can get number 2 
One pair is not good at playing yet 
Okay . Thanks . Thank you 
Dear , what have you been busy with lately , I did n't even see you Friday 
Right , been very busy and also very tired 
Have you been to CMU 
No 
I see there are people on msillist organizing a trip 
Why would they go there 
Just want to go , go this Friday and return Sunday 
To play , I do n't know myself 
You there ? 
Here 
Been busy lately ? 
No , it 's Mid-Autumn Festival 
But I can buy moon cakes 
The moon is n't round 
? 
I do n't see you online much now 
Changed jobs ? 
No 
My partner has left 
The night is long , I 'm of no mind to sleep [ expression ] 
You 're busy , I 'm going to watch the ball game 
Are you there , Huhui ? 
I 'm here 
What 's up , Big Brother Qiuguang ? 
Can you print color photos ? 
I can . Just print them out with a printer ? 
Just a little , for photos 
Use photographic paper and a printer to print 
You can , but they wo n't be as clear as the developed ones 
It does n't matter . Where do you work now ? 
I 'm over at Beiyuan , no longer at Xilinmen 
Heh heh 
[ Gosh | faint ] 
Did you change your job ? 
Beiyuan is good 
Ha ha ha ha 
Ha ha 
It 's closer to me 
It 's not bad 
Where are you ? 
I 'm at the City Sports School on Qinghebei Road 
Oh , oh , right 
I 've been there 
It 's not that far 
Please help me print it , and I will go meet you 
A 2 - inch one is enough 
Please help me print it , and I will go meet you 
What 's your specific address ? 
Okay 
Lihuang Road North Exit 
Have you got it ? 
I 've got it 
Lihuang North Exit , right at the stop sign of BRT . When are you coming ? I have to go out in the afternoon . I 'm going back to my hometown 
Can you come before one o'clock ? 
[ OMG | I faint ] 
Ha ha 
When will you come back ? 
I 'll go to the bus station and take a bus to go back to my hometown 
I want to leave before 2 o'clock 
It does n't matter . If I 'm not here , you can ask my coworkers for it . I 'll give it to my coworkers 
It wo n't be problem 
Then I 'll go see you at noon 
Are you leaving at 2 o'clock ? 
What time is the bus ? Is it irregular ? 
Right 
Okay 
It 'll be okay to go to the bus station too 
I 'll take it with me 
I can send you to the bus station 
I 'm not in a rush . It 's quite close to me 
About what time will you come ? 
BTW , the photo does n't need to be photoshopped , right ? Is it okay to print it as is ? 
Yeah 
It 's okay to print it as is 
Okay 
You have a husband . Is n't unnecessary if you send me ? Ha ha ha ha 
Do you just want a 2 - inch one ? 
Ha ha 
Yeah 
My husband is no use either . I will take a bus to go over there 
Was your photo scanned ? It 's not very clear 
Who knows ? 
It is for handling a certificate for a team member 
It 's good enough if it looks all right 
Then it does n't matter . Okay , come 
I finished printing it , Big Brother 
When will you come ? 
I 'm going over there now 
Let me send you . It 's not far anyway 
When will you leave ? 
Okay 
I guess it will be a while . I want to leave after the leaders leave 
No problem . It 's very convenient for me to take a bus here 
BRT is right out of my door 
It will be very quick 
Oh 
Tell me one more =time where you are 
Lihuang Rd . North Exit 
There is Tianlunbu Infertility Hospital here 
Oh 
It 's right at the BRT stop sign , which is on the east side of the hospital 
I 'll drive eastward along Beiyuan Road and turn around 
On which road are you coming ? 
I 'm coming along Beiyuan Road 
Okay 
I 'll take it out when you get here 
Okay 
I 'll be there in a minute 
Okay 
Hi 
Hi 
Let me show you the business agreement now 
Got it 
Let 's compare and see 
Do you have any star - rated ? 
hotel ? 
Our standard is three - star =rating 
Are you back ? 
Not yet 
I 'm going back tomorrow .
I 'll arrive the day after tomorrow in the morning ~~ 
I see … I wanted to ask you whether that electric hair dryer of yours had arrived or not 
It had still not arrived when I left … 
I do n't know if it has now arrived or not 
When I get back , I 'll take a look ... 
With the recipe you gave me last time , the bread turned out very well and the steamed buns were also a success , thanks 
Haha 
That 's still alright , what 's important is , after making them , I can no longer put on my pants 
And I 'd like to ask you : Which brand of trolley suitcases should I buy ? Or do you have a website for me ? I want to buy one for old Yan to use for traveling 
Trolley suitcases 
That 's good 
Samsonite 
Zhongnan =sells it 
I have never bought any online 
I bought one in Zhongnan years ago 
Quite expensive 
But excellent quality 
More than 1,600 
Oh , OK , that 's indeed too expensive 
How are you going to spend National Day ? 
Are you guys going on a trip on National Day ? 
I 'm going home 
Leaving on the 30th 
We are having a gathering with old Yan 's classmates at Huangpi 
Oh 
Are you going back with your kids , or all of you are going back ? 
I 'm going back with my kids 
And my elder sister 's kid 
Going back at this time of year is very good , it will be very lively there , your mom is going crazy with all the work , extremely happy , it 's a longer holiday than Chinese New Year 
Food and drinks 
Hehe 
Is Chen Gang driving back ? 
He 's not going back 
We 're taking the train 
Are there cheaper trolley suitcases ? Tell me . That one is too expensive 
Oh , are the tickets booked ? Old Yan could n't even get a ticket to come back .
ACE 
He 's not coming back ? 
How about air ticket ? 
But that suitcase is of good quality 
Where do they sell this ? He bought an air ticket , but it is a midnight flight on the 30th 
Where do they sell this trolley suitcase ? 
Gosh 
Available at all malls 
OK , I 'll go take a look . How about the trolley suitcases from the supermarkets ? Priced just 300 - plus . Do you think the quality is good ? 
Nope 
If you want something that costs 300 - plus , you =might as well take and use the suitcase I got for free from the New World 
and wait till there 's a discount to buy 
It 's also a new one 
It looks fine on the outside 
If you 're not using , then give it to me ; if you 're using , just forget it . I 'll see if there are discounts on October 1 
We 're not using 
Every one of us bought a Samsonite suitcase 
When are you coming to my place to pick it up ? 
OK , I 'll see which day to come over to pick it up , thanks 
Is little Wang at your home going back again ? 
I 'll wait for you to get it out , just one of these days 
It 's out somewhere 
I got it free only a few months ago 
She 's probably going to her aunt 's in Yichang 
She said it 's not decided yet 
Who cares 
Oh , I 'll give you a buzz before coming over 
Take it whenever you are free 
OK , thanks 
You 're welcome 
When are you going to the old man 's home to give him a box of mooncakes ? 
Asked him to go but he did n't want to 
Working overtime on weekends recently 
Very busy 
Have to supervise the kids ' schoolwork in the evening 
See whether free to go over on the evening of the 29th ? 
Forget it , he wo n't go , as stubborn as a mule , does n't listen to anyone 
OK , keep in touch =then 
OK 
He does n't want stuff , only wants you all to visit . He wants very much to see you all , especially the kids 
Talking to you all alone will make him happy 
He just wants the feeling of having his children and grandchildren together , many people around 
I have nothing against him 
Come on , forget the grudges between the two families . It 's good as long as you two have a good life 
Yes , it 's good as long as everyone lives their life well 
To tell you the truth , since young , in my family my parents have been fighting forever because my mother cares too much for her maternal family , and this has affected him very much 
Am I like that ? 
You can take a look at what has happened to my mother 
That 's why women have to be independent 
I 'm not saying you care very much for them . It 's also very normal to care for them when you are able to . It 's just that the relationships have to be balanced . Both of you should talk and communicate more . Put what 's =on your mind on the table , discuss properly no matter what you are going to do , and slowly it will be fine 
I 've been through the same thing , old Yan cares a lot for his family 
Let 's drop it 
I could n't care less 
I will just live my own life well 
Willing or not is not important 
I do n't fret over these things anymore 
It does n't matter we do n't have the things to use or eat , but he will give them to his elder brother , elder sister , and mother . He has contributed the most . What happens in the end ? Now , no one cares about his kids . Sometimes , he is very imbalanced , but it can not be changed 
Can you cope with taking care of the kids alone ? 
I think you should keep in contact more 
Yes , think more positive . I now do n't care about these things anymore . He wants to do that , so what can I do ? 
You ca n't let him be alone outside all the time 
Especially on weekends 
The society today is too complicated 
Forget it , I asked him not to go but he wants very much to go , there 's nothing I can do 
He said he just wants to let me have a taste of taking care of the kids alone at home 
It 's definitely tiring to take care of the kids alone 
As a result , I do n't think so =much now anymore . He wants to crush me , but I 'll do my best to make us live better 
Teach the kids to be sensible and capable , and then I can worry less 
Hehe 
Yin , are you looking for me ? 
He , that day on Saturday 
Yes 
Did n't Zhihua and Xiaoming talk about our visit to Shenzhen in the group last time ? 
I went back for food after that 
Got off when the car started 
Hehe 
Why ? 
At that time , Xiaoming went back after sending us to the Sea World . Just when he was about to leave , he sent a message to Zhihua and Yuxiang , asking them to take more care of us because it was not easy for the two of us who had two kids on the trip . At first , I did n't know about this message , but last time , Zhihua said Xiaoming should n't have sent this message because it seemed to say they did n't know how to take care of us 
saying that we are all schoolmates and what 's the meaning of sending this message 
Oh 
Maybe Xiaoming saw that it was quite tough for the two of us to take care of the kids 
So he said it 
Zhihua felt that he should n't have 
He thinks too much 
and said even if Xiaoming was trying to look good , he should n't have made them … 
Gosh 
It 's not nice to say this 
I do n't know whether you have read the group chat history last time 
He said it in the group 
I was very tired after going back on Saturday , and did n't read it 
Earlier 
Not Saturday , because they talked about this a few days ago , so on Saturday , I mentioned about the trip to Shenzhen while joking 
Why do these people care so much ? 
They have gone overboard recently 
Make lame jokes every day 
Xiaoming 's message is about taking care of us , because it was not easy for us to have our kids with us , and what 's more , he saw that no one paid attention to us 
Exactly 
Maybe he was afraid no one would drive us the next day 
Hehe 
That 's why he sent them the message just before leaving 
But Zhihua said what was the meaning of this 
We 're all schoolmates , he said , do n't tell me you are closer to Qiong and Yin than we are to them 
Gosh 
At first , I did n't know about this message . If Zhihua had n't talked about it , I would n't have known that =Chen Xiaoming even asked them to take care of us after leaving 
I did n't know about this , either 
That day , Chen Xiaoming and Zhihua had quite a heated conversation in the group 
It looks like Xiaoming is quite an attentive person [ emoticon ] 
Ah 
The class monitor asked me what had happened . At first , I did n't know , either . I only went to check the history after the class monitor asked me about it 
Oh , we wo n't join in the fun in future 
Right 
Make lame jokes every day 
When he went to Happy Valley to fetch me , Chen Xiaoming said to me that he had spoken with you and you had said you were on the train and Mingsheng would be picking you up . The original plan was to pick me up and then go to pick you up together 
Zhihua said Xiaoming would pick me up only 
We 're all schoolmates , would Xiaoming be like this ? Why talk about someone like this ? 
I can no longer find the history of that group chat of theirs 
Another remark was , Would they have no place to stay at and no place to eat at if you had n't come ? 
I feel that it 's not nice to say this about someone 
Actually , Zhihua was =busy , that we can understand 
After all , he had to look after so many people 
Exactly 
Not nice to put it this way 
We did n't want to trouble them that day in the first place 
Gathering 
The group chat history should still be in my QQ at home , I 'll find it tonight and show it to you 
That 's why this Saturday I mentioned about the Shenzhen trip . Actually , I had not wanted to talk about it in the group . It 's good for our schoolmates to be happy , there is no need to talk about these 
Zhihua invited us out of good intentions , and the timing was just a coincidence . We could n't have possibly gone for the sake of a certain schoolmate , could we ? Some people in class 6 said we went there for Xiehua . What a joke 
Actually , we did n't plan to go out . If it were n't for Yuxiang who mentioned about going to Shenzhen in the group chat , we would not have gone . Am I right ? 
Xiehua is also a nutcase 
Someone said we went there for Xiehua 
Ah , maybe he is mainly talking about me 
Gosh 
Let them be , let them say whatever they like , I could n't care less 
It 's more fun when it is livelier among the schoolmates 
Making jokes once in a while is no big deal , and everyone knows it 's a joke 
I also can not be bothered with them 
Maybe Zhihua has something against me , he seldom chats with me now , hehe 
Why ? 
I said a few things in the group on Saturday , and he said I had the =gut to tell him off 
Gut 
Haha 
Actually , I did n't 
I know 
We did n't think so much , either 
There are n't so much civilities between schoolmates 
Right ? 
Yes 
Oh , he should have also chatted with you in private , right ? 
Zhihua ? 
Zhihua is quite a nice person and has quite a personality . Forget it . =Moreover , he might have a misunderstanding . I do n't want to talk about it anymore either . We are all schoolmates , and what I actually like most is for everyone to have fun together 
Exactly 
Is n't it a party when all of us get together ? 
Zhenya is not coming , either 
Wanted to get him to bring some BBQ seasoning back 
Zhenya 's younger sister is getting married on National Day 
He ca n't possibly not go back to Yongxin , right ? 
Oh 
Did Zhenya tell you he 's not going ? 
No 
He 's offline 
It should be fine when everyone shares the work when the time comes , oh , anyway , it is just for fun 
Jianming said there is a house there 
And a river 
But you ca n't fish 
Let the kids play 
I 'm persuading my husband =again to tag along 
What place ? 
I do n't know exactly 
He did n't say 
He said it 's half an hour away by car 
That 's fast 
Jianming found a place . Actually , if the guys really want to have fun , we should be able to get everyone together 
My husband said to wait for him for one day 
He 'll tag along 
And I 'll buy some Orleans BBQ chicken wing marinade 
I can marinate chicken wings for BBQ when I am back home 
Tastes great 
Same as KFC 
Oh , finally managed to persuade my husband to go back [ emoticon ] 
It 's easier if you drive back by yourselves [ emoticon ] 
We 'll just take the train 
He 's the only one driving , and he 's not familiar with the route 
How many hours on the train ? 
Two hours to Zhuzhou 
Really fast 
And then three hours from Zhuzhou to home 
Not fast 
About the same as when driving 
Is it the Anfu stop in Zhuzhou ? 
No 
Hunan 
Oh , ah , I thought it is that stop , that will be very close to home 
No 
Still very far 
Ah , I wonder how many people there will be then 
I do n't know whether they are going 
Did n't Zhenya , Niu Xiaohua , and Gao Shan say they will be going ? 
There is no fun when there are only a few people 
Let 's see then which schoolmates from home will also go 
Plus your family and my family 
There should be quite a number of people 
This time , I 'll get my husband to go and take care of the kids 
Ah , do you want to see an article written by a gifted man ? 
Sure 
Words of a gifted man [ emoticon ] 
Which gifted man ? 
God rewards those who work hard 
Oh , a friend from Nanchang 
Good calligraphy 
Quite talented in writing as well 
At the provincial design institute 
Electric Power Design Institute ? 
No 
And handsome too 
Hehe 
Hehe 
I knew him in 2001 
A friend from Nanchang ? 
He was still a little rascal then , and I listened to him talk about his girlfriends every day 
He is a few years younger than me 
Hehe 
He writes good articles 
Do you want me to bring some BBQ seasoning back ? 
I 'll go buy Orleans BBQ chicken wing marinade today 
Zhenya is not coming , either 
Is it ? We must talk about buying things 
I 'll go to the market then to see whether there is fresh small fish 
I do n't know whether we can buy marinated BBQ food back home . If yes , it 's the same to buy it back home , I 'm too lazy to bring it from so far away 
I guess not 
Worried ? 
I 'll ask my elder sister to buy chicken wings in advance 
Marinade for one night after going back on the 1st 
Excellent 
Hehe 
See if they are online and we need to ask the specific time , etc. 
Actually , it is being sold online 
Very cheap 
BBQ skewers 
Even buy this online ? If they are available in the stores , let 's buy them from the stores . Did n't Zhenya say he is bringing them ? 
Hehe 
They should be available for sale 
Skewers are very important 
The bamboo type sucks 
The bamboo burns and snaps even before the meat gets cooked 
We did it before for a previous outing 
Can vegetables be barbequed ? 
Yes 
Eggplant , hot pepper 
Both can be barbequed 
I 'll buy some then 
Hehe 
I 'll go to the market to buy before leaving on the 2nd 
I can also go with you 
How should the fish be prepared ? 
Small fish has to be marinated , right ? 
Fish does not need to be marinated 
Meat has to be marinated 
Forget about meat 
Buy more chicken wings 
I guess it will be late by the time I reach home 
OK 
Get some ham sausages 
And hot pepper 
Eggplant 
I asked Jianming to buy frozen dumplings 
And disposable bowls and chopsticks 
OK 
Hey Nathan , it was very chaotic a few days ago registering , moving things , selecting classes , and what not . I 'm sorry that I only get in touch with you now ! 
Is there any designated authors for 3 . ? Or is it okay if they are contemporary ? 
I 'll go to class first . I 'll contact you later~ 
I 'm sorry . I just came back . I still have n't confirmed on the designated authors yet . I 'm still looking .
If convenient , you can find works of some more mainstream and prolific British writers .
Let me investigate first . I 'm reading McEwan 's Atonement . Could you investigate and recommend the rest ? 
I switched to engage in English Literature halfway . I was originally engaged in Linguistics .
I started studying for PhD this year and specialize in English Literature . I 'm truly grateful for your help .
I hope that it wo n't affect your studies . It would be best if the electronic version has PDF format . I hope that it is a version that I can copy . Do whatever is convenient to you .
Manager Liu 
This is not what I wanted 
For the department ? 
I do n't need empty cliches 
Even this is empty ? 
Right 
For the department 
Yes 
Work contents of the marketing department 
OK . Wait 
The more straightforward the better 
Concise 
I see 
Make it clear within 50 characters as possible as you can 
I understood 
Reference example : 
I know that 
It 's been more than fifty 
Ha - ha . Right . This is exactly what I needed 
[ God | Faint ] 
Make a little modification to the fourth point : 4 . Provide contracts and other written materials , and compile , report and exchange contract data , in an accurate and timely manner 
OK 
Teacher Zhang , are we going to be treated as associate professors or as lecturers ? 
As associate professors 
Teacher Zhang , how much will I get retrospectively ? 
I 'm confused 
When do the allowances for our jobs as associate professors start to be calculated from ? 
January 2012 
So I may get quite a bit of money ? 
Yes 
Teacher Zhang , I would like to ask whether in the current salary adjustment we will also get housing provident fund adjustment retrospectively ? 
It 's unlikely . There 's nothing we can do about it -- That 's just how it is in the personnel department 
Besides , the housing provident fund is based on the basic salary 
and job allowances do not count 
Oh . Thanks 
Brother [ Chubby | Pang ] , is the certificate ready ? 
Not yet . Come tomorrow or the day after tomorrow 
Okay 
About how many =hot favorites will there be tomorrow ? 
People 
Seven , I think 
OK 
Are you there , Manager Chen ? 
My chair is broken . Who can I ask to help repair it ? 
Electric welding is needed 
Um 
A swivel chair ? 
The leg is broken 
Even the guy who repairs chairs can not fix it ? Which part is broken ? 
We need to use electric welding to fix it 
Um 
Electric welding ? 
Um . I do n't know if there is anyone available nearby 
The guy who repairs chairs can not fix it .
We have to find a place to do the electric welding 
He wo n't do that for you 
He is just afraid of breaking it 
I have replaced one , which I am sitting on 
You have to ask Manager Jiang regarding this matter .
Can you manage to take a seat now ? 
Is there any other chair in your office ? 
Take a seat first 
Brother Qiuguang , are you there ? 
? 
I 'm here 
Can you handle second - class certificates over there ? You can check it online 
I only know one , which is too expensive , and I would n't recommend it 
How much ? 
I recall that it 's 20,000 
It 's very inappropriate 
And also it is not Jinan 's 
It 's Beijing 's 
Oh . Can they handle any projects ? 
Yeah 
How long will it take ? 
It 's real certificates 
I have to ask about this 
I 'm not very clear 
I have a student who wants to register the High Level examination at the People 's University or Beijing University of Science and Technology . They 'll carry out testing in November and in December , and they require second - class certificates . I 'm asking if you can handle it . I also asked people in Jinan - several people have n't replied yet 
If he thinks he can accept the price , help him handle it then 
The problem is when it 's necessary for it to be finished . If it 's later than his registration time , it 'll be useless even it 's done then 
Can we get it this month ? 
You can find the serial number =online , ca n't you ? 
Yeah . It 's the real certificate 
Please ask when they can have the certificate done . Okay ? 
Okay , I 'll ask for you 
Thank you 
Can you also ask your friend if they can manipulate the People 's University ? Heh heh 
Heh heh , okay 
Ask them together 
Yeah , right . It must be secure . Do n't let people fool you . Heh heh 
Do n't worry about this . They are our own men 
Oh - ask how much it is . Ask . I 'll give you part of the deposit , and pay the rest when I get the certificate 
Okay 
What 's your phone number ? 
Heh heh , I know 
Okay . Do it as soon as possible . I 'm finding other people to manipulate the People 's University . But if the asking price is too high , he wo n't want to go . See how much the one you find is . If it 's cheap , I 'll ask you to do it 
Okay 
I do n't know if it can be manipulated or not either 
I can only try to ask and see 
Yeah . First , confirm it 's the second - class certificate . Ask if it can be cheaper 
Okay 
Also , how long will it take to handle it in the shortest time ? 
I sent them , did n't I .. 
Um 
Numbers and colors 
Can you recharge your phone credit online ? 
Is this 550 ? 
Oh 
I can 
Um , yes 
Are you the recipient on Taobao just now ? 
OK 
Thank you 
I used my cell phone to receive it , but ca n't open it , you send it to my mailbox OK , xyy ( from a cell phone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] ) 
OK 
Right , Yuanyuan , do you know what is good at greek lady 
There should still be other pictures right , send them to me together OK 
I have n't been there , I do n't know 
Right , my friend categorized them , this packet is entirely of your family 
My it 's only 3 m , so small ? 
11 pictures in all 
OK 
You send it to my mailbox 
I sent it 
You look at them , ca n't you get on you 're computer now 
Got them 
The pictures of your family are more than of mine 
Oh , ha ha 
That 's so , I did n't compare 
We are fairly beautiful 
Ha ha 
Really , if you do n't believe it go to my fb and look 
I remember she took many pictures of you 
I only have 6 =pictures 
Right , you are fairly photogenic 
There is one among them that was taken together with big headed son 
Right , do you have Liu Min 's email address 
There is also some of her family 
Wait a sec 
I 'll look for it for you in a sec 
OK 
Congratulations , you 've =taken another step towards a greencard 
This shows that I 'll soon be =enrolled 
My materials have been reviewed , just need to wait several months to get the card 
I saw the pictures , how is it in one picture the old me has so frightening a look 
Yuanyuan , later I 'll just hug your thigh 
Ha ha , OK , my thigh is thick enough 
Not so , which one 
I just learned yesterday when we met , I did n't tell you 
That one where I am holding Eric 's hand 
My eye whites turned out 
That one is quite good 
Ugh , its just I have my whites turned out 
Ha ha , you look , the ones of you are all quite good 
I =posted it 
What are you doing today 
You go to my fb and look 
Oh 
I see it 
I did n't =post any that were not well taken 
My color is always strange , it would have been better not to have =posted it 
Of course you need only adjust the color 
It 's would have been great if you did n't =post it 
I 've discovered that orange clothes are fairly suitable for taking pictures 
It is still our family 's little Eric that is photogenic 
Have you seen the one 's not =posted 
He 's handsome in every one 
That 's so 
My color in the school is slightly better a bit 
Everybody says he 's cute 
There were also people that asked if he 's mine , I said i wish 
Ha ha , 
Right , if you had such a big child as this it would save on some things 
Ugh , where were these taken 
Did you go to the amusement park today ? 
At the premium outlet 
Today my husband wanted to go window shopping 
Huh , you went to the outlet today 
Right 
Ugh , look , you got your greencard 
He also has the desire to window shop 
Yuanyuan , I really envy you 
What does this matter , we go out every week 
It 's just we 're too lazy to go so far 
Do n't be envious 
You are also very well off 
You have a husband , have a son , and also have a daughter , and now you even have a greencard 
Ha ha 
A successful female 
For husband , its yet to be seen , but son and daughter are very good 
You really do n't know to be satisfied 
My mother in law says a successful woman is one that finds a good man to marry , but I think my man is not especially good 
The same as scientists , you have to make it through dullness 
You are too humorous , ha 
If you 're mother in law heard her face would go green 
You 're already quite well off 
The Scorpio is the most fearsome in the legends 
Your husband 's future is limitless 
I 'll tell you , these past couple days my mother in law has been more vigorous in studying English , and she also said to my father in law , we can get our green card , it 's just they fear they wo n't be able to pass the citizenship test , as their English is no good , ugh 
Your son and daughter are already interesting enough , it 's fine if your husband is a bit stuffy 
Scorpios are also inherently suspicious 
Do they want to become citizens ? 
These past couple days they 've continually been saying their online statuses have not updated , and its only that the lawyer received the letter of confirmation from the Immigration Bureau , will it be a own goal type or not 
Right , Jesus , there 's not the slightest sign of anything happening 
Right , it 's good to have a greencard , why do you need to be a citizen , you 'd have to get a visa to return to China 
I was so =sleepy this afternoon 
You 're too busy 
My husband does n't want to do it , but I expect my mother in law is no good , she also wants to have a greencard 
I think there is something wrong with my mother in law 's sanity 
She always does weird things 
Right , if you 're always here and if she had one it would be very easy for her to come and go 
We 'll see 
First get our own , and get a house and then we 'll see 
Yeah , she is quite fortunate , to have a son and daughter in law like this , as well as a grandson and granddaughter 
Ugh , she is a fortunate old person 
That is something for later , the key is I do n't want to let them come 
If they come , I 'm done with 
I 'm preparing to tell her not to come when they return this time 
Ugh , there is no daughter in law in the world that likes her mother in law 
The key is my mother in law is very bothersome 
Ugh , there are always shortcomings in life , this is just your shortcoming , your mother in law is too bothersome 
Before I said I wanted to get an orphan 
In the end this wish was not realized 
? 
Why get an orphan ? 
Oh 
I understand 
Having a car and a house , and both parents dead 
Yeah 
The key is the mother has to be dead 
Father in law is OK , 
Yuanyuan , what if your future daughter in law thinks like this , then would n't you also be hopping mad 
I 'd be OK 
I understand 
So , perhaps why every mother in law is so bothersome is because they were once daughters in law 
And also were angered 
So they became mothers in law themselves 
My mother in law does n't , her mother in law died 
OK then 
She says it every day , look how lucky you are , you have a mother in law to care for you , and I did n't , my mother in law died early 
The first time I saw her , she and my husband seemed so distant , I actually though she was a step mother , as she looks different 
Ugh , just think more about things that make you happy 
Besides mother in law , I 'm happy with everything else 
Then just do n't think of her 
Ha ha , right , yesterday I told my student 's mom that she would stay here one year , she said oh my god 
Ha ha 
Everybody is like this 
Yeah yeah , its fine , I 'm going to sleep 
At the park everyday , chiming in with others 
OK , go then 
You also go to bed early 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
Zhu Zhu 
Here 
Very busy for National Day ? 
Not busy 
I 'm on vacation 
Not organizing the group ? 
Not organizing the group 
They 're all driving on their own 
Are you getting a Pakistan tourist visa ? 
I got it 
How much did it cost ? How many days ? 
Do you need any materials ? 
I 'll help you ask right away and tell you 
OK 
Passport , copy of front and back of ID card , 2 2 - inch color photos , price 1,950 , they get it for you 
It takes 1 - 2 weeks 
See it ? 
1 - 2 weeks is too long 
That 's how they all are 
They all need 1 - 2 weeks 
1 week if they 're fast , 2 weeks if they 're slow 
For the first half year ? 
Mine is not even sorted out 
Does this still need to be separated ? 
Gosh 
I 'll search when I am back home 
I feel there are very few , I use the oil card every time 
Last time , the meal card was exchanged for 2,000 yuan 
There were no receipts 
I got them from my aunt 
You are not in a hurry , right ? 
I 'll get my aunt to sort out hers , each year I always get them from her 
No hurry 
Boss , when are we setting off ? ( From cell phone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] ) 
== 
Yeah 
? 
Ah ? 
Boss , who from Jinan are participating ? ( From cell phone QQ2012 [ iPhone ] ) 
Gu Chang ... I have n't heard of him 
Making up the number 
Okay ... 
Have you eaten ? 
I had breakfast 
After you became a mother , your life must have changed a lot 
You used to be a fashion insider 
Now you become a hot mom at Zaozhuang 
It 's just fine . Not much has changed 
No 
The key is that I do not look after the child , so my life has n't changed a lot 
The English name is not correct 
It 's boring 
I could see nothing in the space 
I do n't even see your recent photo 
There is =nothing in the space 
Because I have n't taken any photo recently 
Ha - ha 
I have gained weight after giving birth . How could I dare to take photos ? 
There used to be some in Xiaowangshu 
Ah 
I deleted them all as the original number was stolen 
Xiaowangshu was stolen ? 
Are you at work ? 
Did n't you go to work ? 
=Yes 
I am just very free at work 
Are you in Guangzhou ? 
I sell cosmetics 
Um , I see 
What mobile phone are you using now ? 
How about you ? 
Mine is still the original one 
Ha - ha 
It should be 
I am considering changing a mobile phone 
We have many here 
5 has not come to the mainland yet 
There are plenty of smuggled versions from Hong Kong 
A deal can be made at 4000 
How did you cut your SIM card ? 
At the Unicom business hall 
They have the tools 
It became smaller when put inside 
like a clamp 
Um , I heard that the painting on 5 will peel off . Is it true ? 
That is a hype 
The Hong Kong versions are not made domestically , right ? 
It seems that the Hong Kong versions are made in India or Malaysia 
Really ? 
The painting on Black ones will peel off 
That on the others wo n't 
=Yes . Apple really used Foxconn as an OEM 
The peeled off painting is caused during transport 
Are there many color options for 5 ? 
It is as if there are scratches at the =corners 
How is 5's operating speed ? 
Much faster than 3 
Is it fast ? 
Ho ho 
Because I have not used 4s 
I now feel that 4's speed is a bit slow . Perhaps it is because my device 's memory space has become smaller 
It requires 16G or above 
Even my 3rd generation has 32G 
But Samsung 's 9300 is the mainstream . Everyone is buying this 
Mine is 16G 
Oh 
There are too many songs , photos and movies in the cell phone 
I did n't pay attention to it 
Yes 
9300 has a quad - core processor 
It is currently the most powerful CPU 
I do n't have much news at Zaozhuang last year 
I do n't really want to buy Apple 's iPhone 5 . Instead , I think Samsung 's give a feeling of freshness 
I saw a lot of news about Zaozhuang this year 
Huskies ? 
News about Zaozhuang ? 
Oh , wolf 
Right 
What else ? 
Oh 
A while ago , the Intangible Cultural Expo was held in Gucheng , Taierzhuang 
Did you go there ? 
No , I did n't 
There were so many people 
You have to wear jackets now , right ? 
Oh 
I have to wear one when riding an electric bicycle 
It is cold in the morning and evening 
The temperature difference becomes large 
It is still not cold at noon 
The community has notified that it 's time to begin paying the heating fees 
I often think about everyone . I hope you are all fine 
Um , we will all be fine 
What kinds of cosmetics are they ? 
Um 
I remember that your wife used to own a beauty salon before 
What brand of cosmetics ? 
How is the effect ? 
Are they on sale in Zaozhuang ? 
You do n't have 
Is this real ? 
What do you say ? 
It is related 
but not closely 
I see 
Um 
Is there a physical store in Guangzhou ? 
They are also sold in foreign countries 
Southeast Asian 
Um 
Are they also produced in Guangzhou ? 
Ha - ha 
It 's just fine 
[ picture ] Does this have a good effect ? 
I have seen that on the homepage of Taobao before 
That was a promotion 
Um 
The promotion was also conducted under your guidance , was n't it ? 
I am going to create a superstar brand 
Facial masks and makeups , the only market that has not been completely carved up by foreign countries 
Makeups are the next step 
There are only basic skin care products now , but no makeups ? 
Are you mainly in charge of the Taobao shop as well ? 
Everything except for the factory department 
[ God | Faint ] 
Ah ! Then you hold great power 
Great responsibility 
Brand gap 
I want to know what is the major part that has contributed to such large price differences across cosmetic products 
The paste =contents of those products are almost the same 
Advertising 
Is it the raw material or advertising ? 
Products of 1000 yuan and 100 yuan are almost the same in essence 
They need to meet the psychological needs of some people 
Both Estee Lauder and Sinoway Herb have the red pomegranate series , but the prices differ greatly 
Ho ho 
You can always see the essence of marketing 
My stomach aches 
I am going to eat something 
OK 
You 're back ? 
I 'm back 
How was it ? 
Fingerprint - verified test is on the 18th 
Oh , quite good . Have you signed up ? 
Do n't tell me they were not in again 
The school principal said she would do her best for the road test . After that , I gave her money , but she rejected it flatly 
Hehe 
Waiting for notice for the fingerprint - verified test 
So , if she 'll do her best , is n't it just in a couple of days ? 
When will you sign up ? 
When you gave her money , was there someone else in the room ? 
The school principal said the files will be sorted out in a couple of days , tomorrow and the day after . She said there are many slots this time , I think more than 100 
No one else , she just did n't want the money 
Oh , in that case , we 'll see 
OK , you go do your stuff 
OK 
You go do your stuff , too 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
I 'll call the head instructor again tomorrow or the day after 
OK 
Oh yes , have you checked the ICBC card to see if the money is returned ? 
You can check online , I think 
It 's 120 
I have n't checked , forgot about it 
I 'll try and see if I can check online 
Do you still remember the account number , PIN , and those stuff ? 
I =think I know the PIN 
How about the account number ? 
Are you checking ? 
Returned 
Returned on the 3rd 
Is it ? 
Why is it that I did n't see it when I checked ? 
Too stupid 
The balance now is 150 
I do n't know 
Yes 
Hehe 
Little blockhead 
This is the thing Zhang Ming sent you 
Take a look 
OK 
Are you free later ? Why do n't you go later and see how it goes ? If it works , OK ; if not , forget it . In any =case , it is just a bit rush if you take the test in November 
It 's fast to ride your bike there , but I guess they just wo n't let you sign up 
Damn it 
I 'll go later 
I 'm filling out the oral defense decision for you now 
OK 
Oh right , your jacket is with me . I was cold just now , so I took it over and wore it 
OK , noted 
Give me a copy of the name list of the oral defense committee for this time 
Are you there ? 
I 'm back 
My dear wife , she said there are too many people 
I may not be able to sign up 
Ask him to think of a solution 
It 's absolutely impossible , is n't it ? 
I have already told him 
He 's doing it on purpose 
Damn it 
She 's not happy because I did n't give money the second time I went to her 
She said you can only sign up when some of those who have already been notified can not come 
Who knows what he 's thinking 
No idea 
I 'm not going to give money again 
Every time , she 'll leave slots for those who pay 
Yes 
She may not necessarily give us a slot 
Previously , her aunt went so late but also managed to sign up , right ? 
I guess she still wants money 
They have connections 
We gave her money but she does n't want it 
She must be angry , we gave too late 
I do n't know , she can do whatever she likes 
Why do n't you just wait for the one in November ? 
I think it 's too rush for you 
I 'll go and see her again tomorrow 
Yes 
The test is once a month , right ? 
If it does n't work tomorrow , I 'll go and see her again the day after 
I 'll make her remember me 
Damn it 
I 'm leaving 
OK 
My dear wife , prepare more in the morning 
Believe that you can complete it very well 
Both our son and I believe in you 
OK 
Dear 
My dear wife , ask Chen Xin whether she has a camera . Do you want to take a picture after the oral defense is over ? 
I think there 's one in the lab 
I 'll ask Teacher Shi later 
OK 
I 'm fine whether I take a picture or not 
Do n't take if there is none 
OK 
I found a camera 
Chen Xin found it 
Since there is one , take a picture 
Ask Chen Xin to send his completed oral defense decision to me 
Is it done ? 
I have not received it 
Go and pick up our son . I 'll walk back later 
Do you know anyone who is running a hotel ? 
Are hotels that we have an agreement with okay ? What 's it for ? 
Are they big hotels , or motels ? 
no 
They 're big hotels 
I want to open a motel 
I 'm investigating locations 
I 'm not very familiar with specific operational procedures and such 
I want to find a person to instruct me 
I looked 
So bold and resolute ! Get Chen Biao then 
I just want to open pure hotels 
No dining 
It 's too much a hassle to have dining 
Pure hotels are better 
Oh , I 'm not familiar with that 
Do you know anyone ? What 's their relationship to you ? 
There is one who runs a small hotel , not of that kind of scale , just the kind like small cottages near a train station 
That 's okay 
It would also be okay if it just provides me some experience 
Give me his qq 
It 's my coworker 
[ OMG | faint ] 
I 'm so old 
Ack 
[ emoticon ] People over 50 do n't know QQ , okay ? 
Are you there ? 
I arrived 
You are so busy 
You have always been engaged in property . Do you know people who run hotels ? 
In Jinan ? 
Yeah 
Oh , let me think 
I do n’t think I know anyone 
Huh … 
I have a classmate in the Rooms Division of Quancheng Hotel 
Will he be okay ? 
no 
Oh , are you opening a hotel ? 
A small hotel , or an express inn or something like that 
Oh , it seems like I really do n’t know anyone 
What ’s up ? 
I know someone who is in the Public Security Bureau and in charge of this area 
Oh , that ’s okay too 
I ’m planning to open an express inn 
Oh , do you need any help ? 
I just do n’t have experience and want to get some advice 
to have fewer detours 
Oh 
Is the one you know in the City Bureau or ? 
In Huaiyin 
What else can I help with ? 
Think about it 
I do n’t know what help you need 
Is it that you just have an idea , or you have already selected the location , or you have selected the franchise ? 
Or something else ? 
I ’ve started to choose the location 
I wo n’t choose a franchise 
It ’s too expensive 
At least 800,000 
I ’d rather open it myself 
Oh , brand appeal still attracts clients a lot 
In Jinan , franchises seems to be a little bit expensive 
At least 120 and up 
I ’m planning to open it near colleges and the main clients source will be the college students 
The prices ca n’t be too high 
Oh , then a franchise does n’t matter 
The site selection is also very targeted 
You ca n’t open one around colleges without 3 million 
Stop joking around . How could you need that much ? 
Do you think it ’s like opening a dormitory ? 
Really , how many rooms do you plan to open ? 
Around 20 
A Home Inn normally needs 5 million 
[ OMG | I faint ] 
I wo n’t open that kind 
Just common renovation 
Oh 
Every room has a computer 
The internet speed will be fast 
Semi-internet bar style 
Open it at Changqing then 
I have looked at Changqing . There are more hotels than students 
I ca n’t compete with the prices 
They are too low there 
I want to open it around Jinan University , Shangdong University or Shangdong Normal University 
An inch of land values an inch of gold around Shangdong University or Shangdong Normal University 
The bigger it is , the cheaper the price is . But it ’s really quite expensive 
I ’ve started to buy newspapers to read the real estate page , like you 
Ha 
What happened ? 
But most are agencies 
The change is so big 
Why ? 
What change ? 
You are enterprising now 
Your desire to earn money has obviously become stronger 
I have no choice – I ’m poor 
I have to earn money for formula 
Your little baby is giving you strength 
Yeah 
Do you have any resources which can be used ? 
Except your beauty … 
I have not thought about this 
I have to think 
Okay , think 
There ’s no rush 
This person in the Public Security Bureau I know is =in charge of inspecting hotels 
I have a classmate in the City Fire Department , who can help with the fire control issue 
He also does inspections in Huaiyin 
I knew him indirectly . If you need help , I have to renew the relationship 
I know someone in the Fire Department too , who used to be in Huaiyin and is now in the city 
Now I ’m hesitating about whether to open a new one or take over an old one 
Taking over is a good choice 
The main issue is why did they sell it ? 
How are your projected costs and annual returns ? 
Invest 200,000 - 300,000 in the early stage , going by to 20 rooms , a daily occupancy rate of 50 percent , and 80 yuan per night per room 
Plus hourly rooms , which are n’t dependable 
I ’m thinking about opening it near colleges , mainly because the hourly rooms will have a market 
Yeah 
Mainly thinking about the nature of my work , opening a hotel saves worries , relatively speaking 
Hire someone to do it 
I do n’t need to always keep my eyes on it 
I do n’t want my wife to work anymore . I ’ll find her something to do while looking after the child 
I ’ll open one first , and open the second one when the first one starts to turn a profit 
It ’s very realistic for the expected annual earning to be 100,000 
Yeah , after all , the scale will be small at the beginning 
I also have many friends from travel agencies who can introduce clients 
The client source form travel agencies can be ignored 
[ OMG | faint ] , heh heh 
Do you also think taking one over is better than opening a new one ? 
Because handling the qualifications is a lot of trouble and very expensive , because handling the qualifications is a lot of trouble and very expensive 
I actually know some players ' parents who run hotels and suggested to me to take over , but they have to sell it in a hurry 
You have handle them again even if you take over an old one . Making the change is also troublesome 
The material preparation is almost equivalent to a newly opened one 
Oh , I did n’t know this 
The things inside are ready to use . I can just do small repairing and fixing 
I just know that the procedures for the newly opened ones are very troublesome 
Now there are agencies who handle them for you . It only takes half a month and a couple of hundred yuan 
The main thing is that it ’s difficult to find one to take over 
If the business is good , who will sell it ? 
If the business is not good , who will buy it ? 
I have to look for one where the business is not bad and there is some emergency at home 
It ’s something which can only be found by accident , and not through looking for it 
who calculated this ? 
So pathetic 
So pathetic 
You ca n’t rent it with 100,000 
It ’s about 200,000 in a good location 
Why do you calculate it by 9 months ? 
There are 9 - month schools in University City 
I do n’t want to open in University City 
There are too many hotels , the competition is too fierce and the prices are too low 
Yeah 
I want to open it around Shangdong University , Shangdong Normal University and Jinan University , 
Your targeted clients are students 
The main targeted clients are students 
My idea is to equip the rooms with computers 
The internet speed is faster 
Semi-internet bar in nature 
Then find several rooms to mainly be hourly rooms , which will be cheaper and have only a bed and a bathroom inside ... you know 
I think there is quite a market 
That ’s not bad . I personally think the 7 Days and Home Inn rates are common now , and there is not a big market for this kind of small hotel without a brand 
Are the prices for common people ? I think they are still too expensive for the consuming power in Jinan 
Oh , how much are they now ? 
And my targeted market is college students , who ca n’t afford chain hotels 
120 and up 
I guess they are all around 160 
Oh 
160 is a little bit expensive 
College students can afford it if you get rid of the “ 1 ” , 
I stayed in Home Inn during the holidays and it was 139 
College students ca n’t even afford 139 
At your level , how could you stay at a Home Inn ? You must stay in Hilton and suchlike 
Oh , my level is like this 
Huh 
Why do you save money ? 
You already have a house 
I ’m still a proletarian ? 
This is my consumption level 
Give me some idea 
I need the direction 
Let me think about it 
What are you busy with ? 
Ugh [ image ] 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 
Your daughter is so big 
She is waiting for you to buy her a house . As you said , give her a villa with sea view 
Just wait . I 'm true to my words 
How many years should she wait ? Even Xiaoqiao 's gotten married 
It 's none of your business [ image ] 
It 's exactly my business ! 
Do you know anyone who runs a hotel ? 
I want to open an express hotel 
But I do n't want to join a chain 
I want to open one myself 
I do n't know anyone 
To open around a university 
If you do n't join a chain , you ca n't open a franchised one 
Will you get business ? 
Simple semi-internet cafe style 
Do you think there is a market ? 
Family style ? 
Is it the kind where you =rent a place and remodel it ? 
It 's hard to say . First , most of the college students have a computer 
But access to internet overnight is limited 
As long as the prices are suitable 
I bet there will be some who will want a long - term package 
And their demand for hotels wo n't be considered to be big 
Moreover , hourly - paid hotel rooms will be very popular 
The college students bring their girlfriends out and rent an =hourly paid hotel room . They will come out within half an hour 
Where can I get 800,000 - 3,000,000 ? 
The franchised kind wo n't be expensive , right ? 
The franchised ones are very expensive 
It 's obvious that you do n't go to hotels often 
There are no franchised ones in Jinan that cost less than 1.2 million 
Unless the prices are really appealing , I guess I 'd still choose the franchised one 
It wo n't be cheap , even if you go get a membership and have discounts 
I think they are all =under 100 for 3 hours on the advertising light boxes 
Under 
There are two main things here 
First , the location 
Second , will you open one yourself or buy one ? 
It saves some worry but not money 
You will lose all your money if the location is n't chosen well 
I think the franchised ones save worry 
It 's my first pot of gold 
Around train stations and suchlike 
Ca n't you go take a look at the West Railway Station or the East Station , which is under construction ? 
I do n't really want to open one next to stations 
I feel that the West Station is not mature yet 
It has to take a few more years to cultivate popularity 
There ’s too little train service 
It 's still easier to make money around the universities 
I mean , get some computers , equip the rooms , and make them into a semi-internet cafe style , and the best is to have the kind that college students will rent long term 
Oh , it 's better to do some research 
In case it does n't work and does n't make money , it is a wasted effort 
Yeah 
I 'm worried 
The first step is usually the most difficult to take 
[ image ] I have confidence in you 
It 's a total of 18 people 
Wait a moment , I 'm sending you the ID number and name 
Oh , okay 
How can I keep failing to book 12306 ? Booking tickets went very smoothly before 
Now it shows that printing the ticket failed 
Maybe it has been hard to use since the National Day holidays , and it has continued to now 
Oh , the continuation is really long 
Heh heh , I 'm not clear about the details 
Wait a minute 
Okay 
So frustrating 
I really do n't want to stay on 
What happened ? 
Yin 
Oh , there is a lot of stuff troubling me in the company these few days 
Hehe , I 've talked about quitting work a long time ago 
Boring 
Have to stick to fixed hours every day 
But it 's also very difficult to do other stuff 
We are even worse , with this meager pay and inflexible hours 
It would n't be so bad usually if there was n't anything frustrating 
Sigh 
You do n't have to get upset about work 
You are not doing it for yourself , anyway 
Right ? 
Ah , some people are irritating 
Ignore them 
I do n't think there 's any need to argue with some people over work 
I 'm very tired these few days 
While I 'm busy , I still have to look at the sneer of despicable people who are having things go their way 
It 's autumn lately , take more care of your health 
Drink more pear and white fungus soup 
[ Emoticon ] Right , very dry 
One 's own health is most important 
I suggest that you buy a bain - marie 
Put it in before sleep every night 
and it will be ready to drink in the morning 
Is it the type with six main features ? 
I have one 
Now , I brew a pot of white fungus soup every night 
I 'll send over for you to take a look 
OK 
This is quite good 
White fungus soup hydrates and nourishes Yin 
Very good 
It 's what all TCM physicians say 
I thought white fungus ca n't be eaten after being kept overnight 
Put it in before sleeping at night 
Brew for five hours 
Eat after getting up in the morning 
This is n't called overnight , right ? 
It 's the same as brewing it at night 
When you go to sleep , it 's about 11 or 12 p.m. 
It will be ready to drink at 7 a.m. 
Wo n't the water dry up from heating ? 
Nope 
How many liters is yours ? 
Oh , there 's also the yogurt machine 
I bought a yogurt machine too 
I have two pots 
A big one and a small one 
Super good mother 
This is the first one I bought 
I have many things at home 
Bread maker 
Oven 
Yogurt machine 
Juicer 
A pile of them 
Mainly because I do n't trust the things outside nowadays 
Brewing above water retains the original taste of the soup 
It really tastes much better than when cooked with a purple clay pot 
[ Emoticon ] This also needs a hardworking mother 
All the things I bought are simple and easy to use 
Even my maid knows how to use them 
I 'm letting her do everything now 
She knows how to make cake , bread , and yogurt 
But drinking white fungus soup is really very good , hydrating 
[ Emoticon ] Improving your skin , hehe 
Do you also add lotus seeds ? 
I ca n't afford to eat any bird 's nest , I can afford to eat this 
I put lotus seeds 
Lotus seeds calm nerves 
Lotus seeds , white fungus , snow pear 
Add a few red dates after getting up in the morning 
Chinese wolfberries 
Do n't you put them all at the same time ? 
Adding red dates and Chinese wolfberries early will make the color become very dark 
I do n't think it looks good 
And there 's a medicine taste 
Kids do n't quite like it 
Brewing it like this , the color will become very clear 
How do you have time to eat at 7 o'clock ? 
I take it to the office and eat there 
One bowl every day 
It 's a great thing , oh , let me also take a photo of it 
I recommend that you buy the one with three inner containers 
But that small one is enough for your family of three 
The one with one big and two small inner containers can be used to brew different soups separately 
Which link ? 
First link 
The 2 - liter one ? Does it have three inner containers ? 
Yes 
Either put a big one 
or two small ones 
In this way , the soup your little one drinks can be separated from the one both of you drink 
[ Emoticon ] This is good 
Look around and see if there 's anything cheaper 
Same brand 
The price at Tmall is slightly higher 
We bought it during a promotion at that time 
Only 80+ for one 
It 's 96 now 
Not 145 ? 
The one I bought is with one pot 
I did n't know at first that I should buy this one 
Ah , this one is good 
Convenient 
Have you eaten ? So sleepy , I 'm going to take a nap 
Yes 
Rest for a while 
Have you bought clothes of this brand ? 
The quality is quite good 
This is a discount =store 
All are designs from last year and the year before 
It 's a bargain to buy designs from last year 
Huiying has an apparel store now 
Really ? 
Yes 
Is it in Ji'an ? 
Is it open ? 
At the pedestrian mall 
in the process of getting ready 
It will be easy when you buy clothes in future 
The quality of this brand of clothes is excellent 
Hers is casual style 
Oh 
But I think I prefer a bit formal 
I feel that I look fat in casual clothes 
The clothes from this store are basically 60 % or 70 % off 
I wanted to buy this small leather jacket yesterday 
It 's a pith there was none in coffee color 
Oh , same here , I do n't carry this style well , I usually wear traditional clothes 
Coffee color looks slightly better 
Exactly 
It looks western style , black is a tad too dark 
" Competition Required Reading " ( Part 1 and 2 ) ; " Primary Students Reading Quiz Final Sprint Examination Papers " 
Got it . Can daughter finish reading it ? 
I believe that the teacher and the bookstore collude to sell books .
I do n't know . The teacher suggested that the parents help copy the answers and let the children recite them .
He suggested to buy these two .
The teacher said that he did n't know where they are sold either and asked us to find them ourselves 
Got it .
Let 's put that off and finish the one we bought first .
She has gone inside . Daughter needs to sleep .
Is she there ? 
WeChat 
WeChat is closed .
Still has n't replied ? 
Voice message 
Log onto WeChat 
? 
z 
Is it in the room ? 
What I meant was that was there no one to receive you ? 
Is she still not awake ? 
Not yet . She 's still reading .
Oh 
The Zhenjiang Station introduces a new program again 
Oh 
Go to bed 
I 'm going to bed .
Okay . I 'll watch for a little longer . I 'm interested in watching today .
Are you there ? 
Just reached the office 
Hehe 
How are you ? 
I went home for National Day 
Their phone line is no longer in service 
Did you go to Shanghai ? 
Yes 
This time 
I thought they are back 
Oh 
My parents want grandchildren 
Soon , I guess ? 
Due in January 
Oh 
How are your parents ? 
Guess they will be staying there for a while 
Good 
How are your sons ? 
Did you get them a dog ? 
No 
Good 
But they keep wanting one 
I did not say yes 
Oh , I was looking at the records once and thought you had a dog 
Hehe 
No 
Dogs are clingy 
How 's Baby Niuniu ? 
Doing fine recently ? 
Unless they take care of it ; if not , you will have to take care of three 
Baby Niu is doing great 
Able to say many sentences now 
Exactly 
Hehe 
Coming back this year ? 
I can talk reason with him now 
May not be going back this year 
Hehe 
Let 's see how it goes next year 
Come back more to visit your parents 
I 'll let you go on with your work 
Yes , every visit is one visit less 
OK 
Chat again 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Good night 
Good night 
What are you doing ? 
Reading a reference article ... 
Are you busy ? 
Come and chat with me on video . Let me see your surroundings 
OK - ish 
OK ~ 
But I ca n't speak ; I 'm in the library 
Hmm 
In fact , I can actually speak -- quietly 
How are you ? 
You can speak 
Are you settling in ? 
I 'll put earphones on 
Great 
I ca n't hear you 
Haha 
I ca n't speak after all 
Never mind 
Haha 
I 'm in the library 
Type , then 
A lot of homework 
I 'll let you have a look at where we are 
You also need to make sure you eat well and get enough rest 
OK 
Haha 
Great , really great 
I do n't dare turn round again 
I 've also just come back from the library 
Haha 
I 'm worried other people will hit me 
Haha 
It 's evening where you are , right ? 
Yes 
At home ? 
Yes 
I 'll show you 
Hey ! 
Wait a minute 
OK 
Changing equipment 
I 'll change to my ipad 
to make it easier to turn round 
Haha 
Do you want to use facetime ? 
Are you using a mac ? 
We can do a facetime chat 
It 's an iphone 
Oh 
No 
We 'd better do a video chat 
You have to hold an iphone 
and it 's more bother 
OK ~ 
Really quick 
Slow down , slow down 
Your desk is really messy ~~~~ 
Which cutie has been giving you flowers ? 
Really tasteful ~~~~ is n't it ? 
Really luxurious ! 
Are you staying in a dorm room ? 
=Heh - heh 
Your dorm room is really luxurious ... 
I know 
Very big , is n't it ? 
How can that be ? 
I do n't live in a dorm room 
If I 'd stayed in a dorm room , it would have been 880 dollars a month 
If I =rent , it 's 500 
You ? ! 
Surely not !!! 
... 
I 'm deeply hurt ... 
I want to go to England too ... 
I know ! 
OK ! 
In any case , I have two years to go 
You 're graduating next year , are n't you ? 
They have Easter in America , do n't they ? 
Summer would probably be OK ... 
I 'm too weak ... 
See each other once every two months 
I went to see him last month 
You can come on video ~ 
He does n't like video chats 
He 's strange 
Go to bed soon 
What time is it there where you are ? 
I have n't had a WeChat message from my godmother 
I even chatted with my godfather at the Mid-Autumn Festival 
He did n't even pay attention to me 
Loads 
OK 
Go then , bye - bye 
Are you going back for Christmas ? 
I 'm not 
Are you going back ? 
I am -- 
to see her 
That 's really great ~ 
Do you want to win her back ? 
Hmm 
It 's not good in the slightest . The current situation is really bad 
Sigh … 
Trapped by love 
Just have a try 
Gosh , I ca n't let her go 
We 've been together for four years , all told 
Well , is she with someone else now ? 
No 
It 's just there 's a man after her 
She 's also wavering a bit , I think 
... 
In that case , you need to contact =her more often now 
Hmm , but if I contact her too much , it will annoy her 
I can only maintain my ordinary level of contact with her 
Are you leading a happy life in the US ? 
OK , I suppose 
It 's just I 'm a bit tired and whatnot 
Oh 
I 'm not far off exhaustion 
I need to up my game in life 
Yes , up your game 
Otherwise I think my boyfriend will even ditch me ... 
Really ? 
I think he 's really hardworking 
That 's OK , then 
Sigh ... 
I should also be hardworking 
You should redouble your efforts 
Do n't worry 
Uh-huh 
Let 's both redouble our efforts ! 
You 're both in America , and can meet up often , there should n't be a problem 
What do you mean ? It takes 6 hours by car to drive to where he is 
It 's still better than me having to take a plane for 12 hours , and then 2 hours by train from Shanghai to Hangzhou 
... 
Oh , gosh . Let 's not compare ourselves 
You should believe in your girlfriend 
After all , the relationship has lasted for four years 
and that 's not so easy to erase 
But then again 
Hmm 
If she really is wavering 
I hope she can stand firm 
Huh ? 
That can only mean that your relationship is not solid enough . She is not your mrs. right 
You should =think 
think 
this is a trial for you both 
and you definitely can get through 
Right 
Hmm 
In fact , I did give up on her before , because she said she had taken a fancy to someone else 
Later on she said she still could n't give me up 
Right 
She suggested we separate first , she would remain single for a couple of years , and wait for me to go back 
How could she easily give you up ? 
And then I decided to go back and see her as soon as possible … 
To be together again 
In that case , are n't the pair of you more or less like =Tianqi and his girlfriend ? 
What ? 
Have Tianqi and his girlfriend separated ? 
But she now has a man constantly pursuing her , 
and this has put me in a very bad mood 
He 's fully aware she has a boyfriend , and yet he would still destroy someone else 's relationship … 
There are such men who will try to cut the ground from beneath your feet 
At least it proves your girlfriend is very charming , right ? 
Actually , yes 
That type of man is really disgusting 
Totally immoral 
Damn 
... 
Do n't 
You need to rise above it 
By the way , if you guys have some free time , come to Europe and see me and have a good time with me ! 
OK ! 
Europe , huh ? 
I 've never been there ! 
Hehe 
If you get an opportunity , you should come over together 
I could take you on holiday to France 
OK ~~ 
I 'm going out to eat some barbecued foods . Let 's chat next time 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
I think there will definitely not be any opportunity 
What 's happened ? 
Did she say something ? 
I said she does n't want to be with me 
Did n't she say you guys would first live on your own , and she would wait for you ? 
I do n't think there 's anything I can do now 
Do n't think like that . She is n't with anyone else yet , is she ? 
Hehe , she probably really wants to be with someone else now 
Forget it , it 's all in the past 
A four - year relationship has ended up like this , washed away without a trace 
Sigh … 
If it really does n't work , this is the only way it can be ... 
A relationship is a personal thing . You definitely need to think about it clearly 
Hmm 
Good boy , there 's no difficulty that can not be overcome 
I 'm really suffering 
Do n't think about it anymore 
The more you think about it , the harder it gets 
Heh - heh 
You dare laugh at me ? 
Are you at work ? 
Hmm , I just got here 
Is n't it 12 o'clock ? 
12:30 
I arrived a little while ago 
I clocked in right on time 
Oh 
Have you had anything to eat ? 
No 
It 's now 1 o'clock 
I do n't feel like eating 
What 's up ? 
I 'm bored 
In that case , have something to eat to while away a bit of time 
Can you cook ? 
I can ! 
That 's terrific 
How many dishes can you cook ? 
I should be able to cook anything 
Terrific -- a master ! 
My grandmother was a cook when she was young 
Oh 
I 've learned from her since I was little 
Hehe 
The books I read are either on medical skills , or cookbooks 
How come the men I 'm acquainted with can all cook ? It makes me feel ashamed ! 
Heh - heh 
I can do it just a little bit 
Heh - heh 
A bit so little you could n't imagine 
You can make some instant noodles ! 
Hehe , I can also do scrambled eggs with tomatoes 
Great ! 
My favorite ! 
I can do both things you can eat raw and things you can eat cooked 
Really ! 
Oh 
Hmm , stupid , right ? 
That 's a cold dish ! 
My young lady 
Hehe , cucumber can also be stir - fried 
That 's good . You wo n't die of hunger now ! 
Haha 
I went to Zhenhua last night and played a round with Yinzuo ! 
That friend of mine stood me up ! 
Have you seen our store ? 
Haha 
That 's made me hopping mad 
It looks like girls come before friends ! 
Nope 
I had a good look around ! 
What is your eyesight like ? 
I did n't notice 
the Commercial Building 
Opposite 
Was n't that actually farther ? 
On the west side of the Dynamic Hotel 
Hmm 
Where is the Dynamic Hotel ? 
You could say it is diagonally opposite the Commercial Building 
Where is the Commercial Building ? 
I 've searched it on a map , but still ca n't find it ! 
Oh . You did n't pass it -- it 's to the west of Zhenhua 
How far to the west ? 
You come out of Zhenhua and carry on walking westward for about 10 minutes , and it 's there 
Oh 
If you take a taxi , the drivers will all know it . It 's a landmark on Ji'nan Road 
I 've never been there 
Oh 
Come and have a look when you 're free 
OK 
It 's worth your stay in Dongying 
OK ! 
Hehe 
Are you really not hungry ? 
Do you want to see me ? 
Heh - heh 
Gee 
Yes ! 
Lose weight ! 
I 'm even 160 
Hehe , starve to death then , see if I care 
Heh - heh 
How tall are you ? 
165 
In that case , you really should lose weight 
Hehe 
How tall are you ? 
160 
I 'm taller than you ! 
Right now , I 'm not quite 110 
Oh 
Men do n't appear tall 
Well , you 're not skinny either ! 
Hmm , I 'll lose weight as well 
OK ! 
Let 's do it together ! 
If you 're looking for a girlfriend , you 've got to look for a thin one 
Why ? 
You ca n't like fat ones ! 】 
I never thought about it ! 
Otherwise , with two fatties together , it would be too jolly 
Haha 
Heh - heh 
The male and the female all complement each other nowadays 
The two of us are really jolly 
The thin one is looking for a fatty , and the fatty is looking for a thin one 
Hehe 
Heh - heh 
Well , do you want to find a thin one ? 
I 've never thought about it . I 'm waiting for my destiny 
If there is a suitable one , I 'll introduce him to you ! 
I want someone with an apartment 
OK ! 
I ca n't go beyond Dongying city 
OK ! 
Although I myself am nothing to speak of , my demands are quite numerous 
That 's exactly how it should be ! 
Be overbearing ! 
The main thing is to be filial . Character is the most important thing 
OK ! 
I 'll keep an eye out for you ! 
There are probably almost no men like that anymore 
There are ! 
Do you smoke and drink ? 
I smoke and drink 
How many packets do you smoke a day ? 
3 - 5 cigarettes , I think 
Hehe , how many bottles of alcohol do you drink ? 
I have a problem with my stomach , and I generally do n't drink ! 
Hehe 
Sometimes I ca n't get out of it and just drink a little 
Are n't you busy today ? 
It 's hard for you to avoid social contact with this line of work 
Correct ! 
It 's OK , I think . There were two people today 
I 'm working the whole day on Sunday tomorrow 
Oh 
That 's hard ! 
Hehe , it 's not hard . If you get paid by someone , you have to work hard for them 
Hehe 
I 'm watching a movie in the office 
Heh - heh 
The Silent War 
You really are very bored . Do n't get depressed out of boredom 
Yes ! 
It has been very damp indoors recently 
I 'll soon sink into a depression ! 
Yes , it is ! 
And it 's also a little chilly ! 
Hehe . No wonder you 're adding people as friends on the Internet 
Have n't you got air conditioning ? 
We have 
How do you know that I have large sizes ? 
I 'm reluctant to turn it on 
Hehe 
You must look down on me ! 
I can also figure it out 
In any case I 'm a university student ! 
Hehe 
But I really am very bored ! 
There 's nothing in the number recently applied for . The number is not the same either . Then , the QQ age 
That 's what I think 
If I were in Ji'nan , I would have gone to run wild a long ago ! 
Yes ! 
Where would you have gone to run wild ? 
You 're also very intelligent ! 
Do you like going to karaoke ? 
(( Shandong University ! )) 
I myself actually do n't like any of these things I 'm asking you about 
I do n't like them ! 
Oh 
I really do n't like karaoke 
I sing out of tune ! 
Hehe . Rare beauties like me are likely to die out in the world soon 
Hehe , I 'm like that as well , but I like listening to the singing 
I do n't really like it 
I like watching ball games ! 
Hehe , in some respects , you are really like the man I went out with a while ago 
Really ? 
I see a reflection of him in you 
Oh 
I do n't like to hear that ! 
Hehe 
I 'm not a reflection ! 
I am me ! 
Men are probably all more or less the same 
No , they 're not ! 
Hehe [ picture ] 
I meant you 're a quite nice person 
Men are not bad in other ways 
Are you angry ? Petty - minded 
The main thing is the way they think ! 
Hehe , oh , really ? 
I really did get angry ! 
Hehe , sorry 
Hehe 
I 'll also ask you a nosy question 
Just joking 
How many girlfriends have you had before , including the girlfriend you fell in love with at university ? 
What are you asking that for ? Will it affect us having a relationship ? 
1 
I 'm also bored 
You 're not busy today ? 
Hmm 
Is your colleague also from Dongying ? 
No 
Oh 
Male or female ? 
Female 
Oh 
Of the same age as you 
Oh 
That 's OK , then 
What do you mean ? 
Having a common language ! 
Oh , hehe 
If she were an auntie , you would be really old ! 
Hehe 
I want to go out for a walk , but I do n't know where to go 
I 'm just fed up ! 
Come out with me ! 
Heh - heh 
OK ! 
Bleh 
Come on 
What is there to be " bleh " about ? 
Never mind 
I 'm worried 
Worried about what ? 
After I 've gone there , you 'll see me 
So what ? 
Are friends actually worried about meeting up ? It 's not a blind date anyway 
I 'm worried the shining image in your mind will be completely ruined ! 
Hehe , I 'm not that wonderful either 
A small roly - poly ! 
Great ! 
Hehe , never mind ! 
I 'll go in a minute 
What is your name ? 
I 've forgotten 
Zhang Lei 
Your full name ? 
Zhang Zhixiang 
Oh , OK , I know it now 
I should n't get in the way of your work ! 
Never mind . You wo n't get in the way of it 
OK ! 
Hehe 
The movie is n't interesting 
The one I told you about yesterday ? 
No 
Oh 
The Silent War 
Oh . I have n't seen it . It 's a domestic production , is n't it ? 
Yes 
It 's boring 
I do n't like watching domestically produced films 
Oh 
Let 's go out for a walk 
Hmm 
Shall I take you out ? 
Oh . Come on then 
OK , see you later ! 
You 
Hmm 
What about me ? 
It was a typo 
Heh - heh 
Ha ha , thanks 
That last opportunity to teach Chinese , I did not go and apply , because I do n't have any time at all on the weekends , thanks sister 
No problem 
This semester I selected hornberger 's class , and have to write a synthesis every week , so I use all my weekends doing readings and writing papers 
Go at it go at it ! 
In the future if there are still other opportunities sister can still tell me about them O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O thanks 
Yeah ~ no problem 
Right , are you going to start preparing to look for jobs now ? 
Ugh , it is really a tragedy selecting Nancy 's class , I do n't have any time to do anything else 
Actually , I am looking at a fairly late time 
However , you really have to look at opportunities when looking for a job 
What tips does sister have 
I 've been made so dizzy by honberger that I have no clue at all 
I do n't have any ~ just work with perseverance 
Is there a website or whatever , or something like a newsletter that has some employment information 
Huh 
Will the institute have specialized career fairs , or do you entirely have to go out and find stuff yourself 
You can go to the career center and inquire 
OK , it is entirely professors on this 
It seems you ca n't go if you do n't have a phd 
The majority are ~ there are also high schools and elementary schools 
Oh , I see one 
For the reference letters , who did you find for them sister 
And many are soon going to cut off 
You can go to your gse teacher 
However , none of them are involved in Chinese 
Nor have they seen me give a class or whatever 
At the time I found the student of a tutor 
Can you find students 
At any rate I found one 
Oh , that letter of application 
Is this the same as a cover letter 
Yeah 
OK , thanks sister 
Do n't mention it 
The time is quite near , I feel that I ca n't make it for many schools 
No problem ~ many classmates are all saying they 've only started looking for jobs recently 
You really have to persevere 
Are you talking about this section of yours 
? 
What kind of jobs have they found 
Basically all are teaching Chinese 
Oh 
What do you think of the Chinese department ? Is there a lot of stress 
A lot ... I just plucked out a white hair 
Huh ... That 's ... Why , there is not too much competition 
Or is it that the students are too hard to teach ? 
I do n't know 
Ugh , I 'm the same , although I just had three classes this semester , however I had a lot of stress , I finally understand why you said back then that you get more and more tired 
What 's good is that you now count as having made it through 
I still have to continue to endure it 
Everybody had to slowly endure it like this 
Yeah yeah 
Are you there ? 
I 've just arrived 
The son of one of my teachers passed the entrance exam for your school this year , and he 's entrusted me with finding someone over there to look after his son 
In the materials department 
Teng Yu , student number 1121900231 , class number 19002 in materials class 2 . The class teacher is Huang Lujun , and the counselor is Mu Yan 
I 'll take a look for you 
Received 
Can you look after him in whatever way you can ? 
Definitely 
I have something to do . I 'm getting offline for now . Let 's chat later 
OK 
Hi Yunong , I 'm getting ready to write a blog , give me some feedback , the main thing is the problems , thanks [ expression ] 
OK , hold on a moment 
Thanks Yunong ! OK 
No problem 
This blog requires feedback , is this " focus on your target area " the subject set at the start of your semester ? What is your subject ? 
Can you say a little about something else ? 
I 'm task - based 
For example if I say corrective feedback , then I can only write corrective feedback , right ? 
You can only write task based ? 
Yea , then I think the place where you need to improve is you do n't have enough interactive tasks 
No , but it mainly has to be in corrective feedback 
It feels like a teacher speaking , for example teacher centered 
Oh , I got it 
Yea , that 's what I think 
That 's also what my mentor said 
Do n't bring it up , on that day NSC , those two went to listen to the class and they directly chewed me out 
Said I spoke too quickly , they did n't understand 
You have two mentors ? 
No , the ones listening to the class 
That filled in the form 
Oh 
Yea , aim at the problems you wrote , then mention there are more steps toward the objective 
Got it 
Thanks a lot 
No problem , thank you , haha 
Are you there ? 
Get online quickly 
Here 
Say it 
Tianlai 
Look how [ tan | black ] my brother is 
How come it does n't look like him 
Yes 
Why does n't it look like him ? 
Appearance has changed 
Your classmates have all changed a lot in appearance too ? 
Hehe 
You 're still about the same as before 
Yeah , it 's alright 
Forehead has always been very large 
Yes 
My father boasts a lot about you at home 
As beautiful as before ? 
Yes 
Remember 
Said you 're pretty 
Study well 
Boasts about me ? ! 
Smart too 
Hehe 
He still remembers me ? ! 
The clothes my brother wears are a bit old fashioned 
Actually , my brother is not bad looking either 
Just not a very good talker , but he 's very capable , and also good at taking care of people . Just does n't say it 
Also very innocent in his thinking 
Hehe 
You mention your brother every time 
You have to boast half the day 
You are really worthy of being his elder sister ! 
Hehe 
Once my brother gets married , I wo n't have anything to worry about 
Right 
No sign yet 
Just suddenly left 
Oh 
Yes 
She tested for the accounting certificate 
She wants to find financial accounting work 
Plus very smart too . Learns things fast 
Yes 
=She might go help =her father - in - law do some things first 
=Her father - in - law still often takes certain work in the engineering field 
=Her father - in - law is in the real estate bureau 
What does =her father - in - law do ? 
Did he open up a shop ? 
It 's a subordinate work unit of Shanting Real Estate Bureau , the same work unit as my classmate 
From what =she says , =her father - in - law is very talented . Have to ask him about any issue in his work unit . He knows a lot 
He knows how to calculate some data and whatnot 
=Her partner is also pretty good 
What about her partner ? 
Works in a computer company 
Very capable as well 
However , =her father - in - law is very competent . =Her mother - in - law does n't have a job . =Her father - in - law has to [ juggle everything | busy inside and out ] by himself . Bought a house for his eldest son 
Go 
Then she does n't need to go to work anymore 
She said she will change one 
Did n't they buy a new car ? 
Have you seen it ? 
We 're on the third floor 
The same floor 
How do you know so much ? 
Have n't seen it 
Do n't talk about this issue . Even a little thing will [ cause loud quarreling | explode the pot ] 
=Her newly bought car was given by =her father - in - law 
Spent well over 100 thousand 
Hehe 
Haha 
What does it matter that =her father - in - law has money to buy a car ! 
A company must be dynamic . One must understand the lives and mentality of the employees better to be a leader 
Hehe 
Yes 
However , he has two sons 
The second son will also need =her father - in - law to purchase when the time comes 
However , no need to worry 
Yeah 
Is he the eldest ? 
Manager Chen , look at this website . It 's selling inexpensively 
For children to use 
Hehe 
Just in Zaozhuang 
Do n't know 
Who owns it ? 
Just shopping 
Feels inexpensive 
The zinc supplement tablets I usually buy for my son in the store are at least 45 per box 
This one of his is only 32 
What happened with the Biostime one ? 
Oh yeah , ca n't drink the Biostime one 
There is something in it exceeding the limit , and it did n't meet the requirement 
Oh , is that so ? 
Hehe 
My son even drank it when he was little 
What is that ? 
Probiotics ? 
Oh , not milk powder 
Oh 
My son has n't taken this before 
Hehe 
[ The famous attract criticism | A tall tree attracts the wind ] 
Yes . Have n't seen it 
Hehe 
Does n't your Sina Microblog have it ? 
I 've never gone in 
Oh 
How do I follow ? 
Oh 
You follow me 
I heard you can see it like this , but I have n't seen it 
There are so many photos on my microblog 
Dizzy 
This is my microblog 
Place it all there 
=It asked me to register 
So many of my daughter 's photos are inside 
Right 
If you have it , you do n't need to register , just directly log in 
Once I click to open , it asks me to register 
Do n't seem to have Sina Microblog 
Ca n't find the password 
Hehe 
Manager Chen , our company is going to adjust wages 
Now what is being adjusted again ? 
Yeah .
Yeah 
What do you mean again ? ! 
There is nothing exciting about what I do now either 
We only adjust it once a year 
Do n't have enthusiasm either 
How can it be raised ? 
I will raise your wages next year 
If they do n't sign after three months , there wo n't be a cent 
Do n't even have a minimum guarantee 
I 've already worked for four years 
Still has n't been set 
It 's all the same for those like us working for one year , two years , or three years 
Do n't distinguish between new and old employees either 
The pay is all the same anyway 
Really ? 
Do n't distinguish 
I have two years 
Like some companies that increase a certain amount after working one year 
Add one hundred or some amount 
Increase like this 
Plus , also have something to look forward to 
Perhaps the company does n't need to be like this 
Actually , the difference between private enterprises and work units is very large . Private enterprises do n't distinguish between new and old employees . They dismiss quickly 
Look , you 're anxious again 
Hehe 
Director Lu just said the wages for next year will definitely be increased . As for the specifics of the changes , nothing has come out as of yet 
Can only seek development once stable 
Yeah 
The new and old system you mentioned are of no significance to our company having such a large employee turnover 
Manager Chen , are you a junior college student or undergraduate now ? 
Hehe 
Good 
Just have to test 
Undergraduate 
My father and brother both asked me to register for the adult education exam 
What is good about that ! 
It 's all the same 
What is capability ? 
What everyone is striving for now is capability 
Not academic qualifications ! 
First , thinking must be intelligent . Second is =ability 
Being able to get orders placed is capability 
Haha 
Only competent people who use their brains to do things are considered capable 
Right 
There 's a TV show recently that is quite good 
It is called Fire Blue Blade . Have you seen it ? 
What TV show ? 
[ Keep your wits about you | Grow one mind ’s eye ] 
I am just so [ literal - minded | dead heart ] 
Right . Definitely have to use your brain to do things ! 
My father tells me the same thing 
Thinking is very important 
Have n't seen it 
[ Literal - minded | dead heart ] . Ate too much sweet potato when I was young 
What is the theme ? 
So , I do n't let my son eat too much sweet potato 
Army comedy 
But it 's very good to watch 
If you watch it , you 'll thoroughly enjoy it 
Especially the one in it named Jiang Xiaoyu 
That mouth . That brain . No one can keep up 
So funny 
Very able to conduct oneself and handle things 
Is that so ? Ca n't eat too much sweet potato ? 
Yes , ca n't eat too much 
Heh heh 
Many stations are playing it 
Which station is playing it ? 
I watched it online 
I 'll go back and watch it tonight 
Like watching comedies 
My partner saw it on TV . I did n't pay attention to which station it is on 
However , the acting is pretty good 
Oh 
Fire Blue Blade 
It 's not on TV at all 
It is 
It 's very popular 
Which station ? 
It 's about soldiers 
Circled through the channels last night and did n't find it 
Watch it online 
I do n't often watch TV 
However , my partner watched it on TV in the afternoon 
Their company is n't strict 
Can watch TV in the afternoon if not busy 
Manager Chen , does your father - in - law like to listen to opera ? 
Nowadays , many old men like to hold radios and listen to opera performances 
I do n't like watching TV online 
Oh 
I want to buy a hair dryer 
I do n't have one at home 
What you sent me was a radio 
It has everything in it 
I saw the SID one for 25 
Hair dryers are very useful 
Hehe . They told me this brand is pretty good 
It 's over thirty outside 
My father - in - law does n't listen to opera 
Oh 
My father - in - law likes to listen 
I 'll look . Are there cheap ones ? 
Hehe 
You 're so good . Even buy a radio for your father - in - law ! 
I 'm very annoyed with my father - in - law 
What 's the matter ? 
Hehe 
A scrooge .
Do n't mention him 
I 'm very annoyed , very annoyed 
Oh 
Does n't matter . All old people are like this 
As long as he is good to your daughter 
Then it 's alright 
I do n't speak to him 
Dizzy 
My father - in - law knows how to spend his days too 
Because they come from the past era . It goes without saying that living conditions were n't good before 
My father - in - law is also annoyed with me 
Hehe 
In short , the two of us ca n't get along 
You live together ? 
Not together 
I have n't seen my father - in - law in a very long time .
Oh 
Still meet on August 15th ? 
This way is n't good either 
=After all , he only has one son , right ? 
Still has to think of his son to the very end 
You know ? 
Yes .
You , do n't normally be so rigid with him 
He said , later he wo n't count on his son 
Hehe 
My father - in - law said so too 
That 's because his son ca n't make money 
Ca n't support the family 
My partner 's wages are n't high either 
Less than two thousand 
He has only been working for two months now 
Fortunately , I started working this year 
Otherwise , we 'd both [ be completely broken | have to drink Northwesterly wind ] 
Do your in - laws have money ? 
Do they have pensions ? 
My mother - in - law does 
Not much . Just twelve or thirteen hundred a month 
However , he opened a little shop himself 
My father - in - law does n't 
He has n't worked for many years 
However , he 's already gotten old 
Do n't expect him to do something either . Look , he is starting to repair cars again at the gate now 
Hehe . Still does n't have any business 
I think your in - laws are very good 
Hehe 
Down to earth at least 
What about your in - laws ? 
My father - in - law does n't like working either 
There 's nothing he can do about it 
My partner has a big temper . He sometimes sees that his father does n't do anything at home and does n't want to watch the child , so he does this 
Hehe 
His temperament overall is alright . He 's really good to my son . Buys him anything and is willing to spend money 
My father - in - law brags all day long 
Oh 
Hehe 
Is your father - in - law retired ? 
He stopped working long ago . He 's been busy with his business 
I do n't even know what specifically he 's busy with 
Oh 
No matter what he 's busy with , as long as he has money , it 's fine 
Hehe 
He 's not a dependable person anyway 
Oh 
Do n't think too much 
Money ? Have n't seen his money either 
Where is the perfect person ? Plus , you 're living life with your partner 
He 's afraid of you wastefully spending . Depositing the money 
My in - laws are this way too 
We usually do n't ask him for money 
But ca n't see their money either 
Hehe 
Your father - in - law is definitely afraid of you and your partner wastefully spending money 
Shush . You do n't understand . My father - in - law is n't like a normal parent . It is like he has n't grown up at all 
Oh 
That shows this person is cheerful 
And does n't have any bad thoughts 
Hehe 
I 'm not after his money . He does n't speak to the point all day long 
I 'm annoyed by him 
Oh 
Does n't matter 
You watch TV often too 
Just consider he raised his son to adulthood 
Yeah , watch at night 
Watch every day 
In most cases , the son certainly listens to the wife nowadays 
Your in - laws certainly have a little disappointment psychologically as well 
What do you think ? 
He 's also afraid he 's getting old 
You 're thinking too good of my father - in - law . He 's not that kind of person 
If you two do n't support the two of them either , does n't he have to save some money himself ? 
He blames me all day long 
My mother - in - law , sometimes once my partner gets angry , is inclined to say I ca n't =count on you either , later I will go stay in a nursing home 
Blames what ? 
He originally blamed me often . Ever since the last time he and I had a big quarrel , he has n't made a sound again 
What is there to blame ? 
Said I 'm after his son 's money .
Oh gosh 
Hehe 
Do n't take it to heart . Let him say whatever he likes 
He even asked me and his son to divorce 
Oh 
It 's not right to talk like this 
Not good either 
How can they talk like this ? 
Yeah 
Right . What kind of parent is this ! 
Yes 
Even if it 's wrong 
Ca n't say this kind of thing as a parent 
How about your partner ? 
So I say , is n't this kind of old father - in - law really different from your old father - in - law ? ! 
Yes 
Hehe 
Do n't mention my partner .
Ca n't say things like this 
My partner is just a [ stupid cunt | 2B ] ! 
? 
He asks for nothing all day 
He does n't care about these little things 
Oh 
He does n't say anything when you quarrel either ? 
Yeah 
He 's very satisfied with the way things are , he is complacent 
He did n't even release a fart ! 
It 's very difficult to have development at the company without any big thinking 
Can you imagine how angry I get ? 
He 'll definitely comfort you or tell you his thoughts after the matter , right ? 
Can you understand ? 
Yeah 
Yes 
It 's not very good to be like this as an old person 
So I 'm in charge of all the things in our family ! My partner always follows my ideas ! 
Hehe 
However , this way is too tiring 
After a long time , your partner 's dependency will get heavier 
You can give your partner face when in public and let him handle things himself . However , at home , you can wield the power 
You know ? 
He does n't depend on me either .
He 'll just ask me first when there 's a decision to be made in our family 
Yeah 
This is alright 
In this life , do I have such management skills ? ! 
Hehe 
You have to think more openly 
Do n't go against your father - in - law . You definitely wo n't benefit 
I do n't know why my father - in - law always felt before that I wanted his money and whatnot 
What do you think his family has ? 
In fact , I do n't want to be like this at all . Others say this is very good . I actually do n't like it . I want to listen to everything he says . But , he unfortunately ca n't make a decision 
But there 's no big deal afterward 
Hehe 
Having such a strong wife like you , he 's worry free 
Haha 
My father - in - law , I wo n't pay him any heed .
Does n't matter 
It is really unfortunate for me to have such an old father - in - law 
If my partner and I have issues , my father - and mother - in - law usually stand on my side 
How about your mother - in - law ? 
I 'm tired . Have to think of everything at home .
Hehe 
Only sons are just like this 
My mother - in - law lives with me now and watches the child for me 
Yeah 
Your mother - in - law does n't accuse for anything ? 
My mother - in - law is a good person . Gentle natured . My mother - in - law is n't in charge of the household . What my father - in - law says always goes .
Yeah 
Alright 
This way 's not bad 
There 's nothing perfect 
This is n't bad either 
Hehe 
Your husband works in an organization , very stable . Your father - and mother - in - law are both retired 
Definitely do n't take it to heart 
It 's alright as long as you raise the child well 
Right . I devote all my body and mind to my daughter now 
Yeah 
Do you still want another ? 
Do n't have any plans for the time being 
Yeah 
Do your mother - and father - in - law prefer boys over girls ? 
No 
They both really like my daughter . I 'm just not willing to let my father - in - law hold my daughter 
Hehe 
Look at you 
You have to see each other every day 
Neither of them have this requirement . They are both pretty open .
This way is n't a solution either 
Yeah 
I ca n't convince my own heart to go speak with my father - in - law 
Yeah 
Alright 
However 
If you are this way , your partner will have a hard time 
In the middle 
That 's his father after all 
He does n't really like his father either .
He does n't have a hard time 
Yeah 
Hehe 
He 's old now 
Even like a child 
I do n't want to seek perfection , having everyone like me and be satisfied with me . In the same way , I wo n't seek perfection and have to go like everyone either 
Follow your heart 
Yeah 
Hehe 
I think very openly . People do n't have much time in this life . As long as one can live freely and peacefully , it 's alright 
Yes 
Women have to think more openly 
I sent the clients a text . No one paid attention to me 
Hehe 
I usually ignore it when I receive some business promotion text or sales promotion text too 
How can you receive it ? 
Sigh 
I do n't get texts now during the day . Very rarely 
Hehe 
I 'm talking about cellphone texts 
Oh 
Sigh 
Hehe 
Does n't matter 
Take it easy 
I 've just about contacted all the contacts allocated to me before 
Worrying 
Are you going to listen tomorrow ? 
I do n't have time to go 
Going there to listen , where the early childhood education is taught , right ? 
There is one where my home is 
The wages issued this month are not enough 
Originally wanted to register him this month 
Register him again next month 
The one where my home is costs 900 for half a year 
One lesson per week 
What early childhood education is it ? 
Hehe 
So cheap 
It 's not cheap . Need nearly forty for one lesson 
Hehe 
There are all ages 
Oh 
Right . Babycare is also one or two lessons per week 
One lesson is 50 minutes 
Oh my god 
Babycare is 14,000 for one year .
So expensive 
Ca n't bear it 
You say yours there is considered cheap ? 
Yes 
Hehe 
I ca n't bear it either 
This is all alright for very rich people 
Yeah 
Early childhood education is more expensive than college education now 
This needs to be distributed to organizations 
And also high - end neighborhoods 
Establish good relations with the neighborhood committee 
It 's a little better to let them step in 
2012.4 . 13 
What date were you born ? 
You can only apply in November 
Prepare the following materials now : 
Marriage certificate , ID card , birth permit , birth certificate , health record , hospitalization list , and fees invoices 
And the duplicate copy of the bank book at the China Construction Bank 
Is it the bank book applied by the company before ? 
(( The bank book that was given to you )) 
Okay , got it . Thank you 
Okay 
Get ready for it now . You need to wait until November before you can hand it in 
Okay , thank you 
Do n't mention it 
You 're welcome 
Happy Birthday , Bingbing ! 
Do you still have stomach ache ? Haha , I reckon you got it from eating all the spicy food in Chengdu . You need to take good care of your health [ expression ] 
Thank you . It does n't hurt anymore , hehe 
This Yangtze River Media of yours is simply too terrible 
All of the media stocks had risen so well today 
And it still performed like this , really let down the audience too much 
Really ca n’t buy Hubei stocks 
We are stuck deeply in it and can do nothing about it .
Even the Anhui New Media I bought before was much better than it 
Have you exchanged your stocks ? 
Do n't buy Hubei stocks anymore 
What 's depressing is that I got out when its limit up was reached two days ago 
Waiting for some slight improvement before I can consider exchanging stocks 
Yangtze River Media 's chairman was the =previous secretary of Huangshi .
Previous .
Its vice-chairman was my classmate 
Business is so bad . How can they make money ? 
My colleague recommended it . His sister seems to be one of the shareholders of this company .
I originally planned to get out before May 1st . Then my colleague went for a meal with their general manager and that manager said not to make a move , after May 1st it would rise to 12 yuan . In the end it fell all the way . It 's stuck to death .
You see , Anhui New Media has reached its limit up again 
I ’m spitting blood 
There 's a strong market maker inside , but the risk is huge now .
Did you previously have this stock 's information ? 
No , I did n’t 
asked to add me on renren . com 
Who ? 
I do n't know her 
She is one of your friends= =. .
I do n't even know my friends [ emoticon ] 
How can you casually add such a young girl as your friend ? 
and not even knowing her 
She added me 
How can you casually agree to a friend request from such a young girl ? 
[ emoticon ] [ I | Brother ] practice universal love 
Hehe [ emoticon ] 
What are you doing ? 
I 've just finished eating ... 
How much do you weigh now ? [ emoticon ] 
Starting up the computer ... downloading TV drama series ... refreshing renren . com ... waiting for a meeting ... 
Quite heavy … 
100 ? 
100+ 
I mean in kilograms 
In view of my height , you basically ca n't tell I 'm fat at all , OK ? ? 
I did n't actually say you were fat 
You 're too lacking in confidence 
As a matter of fact , I actually am fat ... 
[ emoticon ] Show me your picture [ emoticon ] 
But you 're not someone who has never seen me= =. .
Girl , do n't be shy 
Haha . Sister , you 're really funny 
= = ... 
Do n't you see I 'm playing with my younger brother ... 
Do n't you feel sad to have a younger brother who looks so old ? 
You do n't look old ... 
You look just like a member of the post-2000 generation ... 
You 're talking nonsense 
= [ I | Brother ] am very mature 
You ca n't even type a word right ... 
Retarded from your high fever ... 
Really ! [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
Do n't you have any class this evening ? 
No , but I 'm going to a meeting in a little while 
What meeting ? 
=Something to do with the Communist Youth League branch secretary= =. .
Well , is n't that just meaningless ? 
Hmm ... But I 've got to go ... 
Just say you 're ill [ emoticon ] 
[ picture ] [ picture ] How could I be so irresponsible ? 
How come that emoticon was so evil ? 
.. = =. . Little child .. .
If you fall ill , =have you got a girl to go and look after you , haha ... 
I =actually want so 
Brother , you 're not doing too well ... 
I 'll be really touched by whoever comes and takes care of me this time 
╮(╯▽╰)╭ What have you done to come to this ? == .. 
Do n't cry , do n't cry ... 
Blubber , blubber [ emoticon ] 
= =. . [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] … 
What 's up again , little sister ? 
=Nothing ... I see you 're really funny ... 
It 's sickening 
Can you laugh like that ? You just send that emoticon ... 
An emoticon sent by the female student [ I | Brother ] like most 
Who is the female student you like most ? 
I meant I like most female students sending me that emoticon [ emoticon ] 
Is it very [ perverted | BT ] ? 
It definitely does n't mean that= =. .
It 's not bad ... Much better than your avatar on renren . com ... 
That avatar is really great 
Common and vulgar 
How pure and youthful 
That little piece of canvas . Tut - tut 
Tut - tut ... Misuse of pure youthfulness is no different from being common and vulgar , dear ... 
Pure youthfulness , that 's what you said 
I was borrowing your words 
Common and vulgar ... 
Exactly ... 
In a word , the canvas is great 
= =. .
What if I were wearing canvas now ... really cold !!! 
Does your class have any quality people ? 
Forget it . It has n't 
Hmm ... It really has n't ... 
Yueyue ... 
Our Yueyue is really great ... 
[ emoticon ] Right 
I was joking . Haha 
What are you doing ? 
I have n't got anything to do 
I 've just taken some medicine 
Resting ? ? 
Can you get some hot water from the faucet to drink on your own ? ? 
Of course I can ! [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
Have you drunk it ? 
Are you there ? ? 
Hmm 
=Have you got that text file of Juliu River ? ? 
I think so 
I 'll have a look for it 
OK 
There 's one more 
I 've got a pdf of it as well 
Hmm ... txt would be sufficient ... 
Are there are differences between those two ? ? 
I do n't know ... 
Old Yao gave them to me , and I have n't read them yet … 
== .. 
I 'll have a look at them then 
OK ~~ 
Did n’t you bring your lunch box ? 
It ’s okay . Wait till tomorrow . I ’ve finished eating 
I can only take sabbatical the week after next week 
Oh 
I have to report the work next week , so I ’ll arrange materials 
There ’s no hurry 
Will you still take a leave because of your business trips ? 
Who knows ? 
Zhang Ke did n’t say ? 
He did n’t say . He =only said to prepare materials 
The materials were submitted to him long ago 
When will Han Rui ’s swimming pool be open ? 
It ’s said it ’ll be at the end of October 
That wo n’t do . I ’ll treat him to a meal sometime soon 
I want to take Oubao to swim one more time soon 
It ’s worth it 
It ’ll be okay if I do a group purchase 
A group purchase costs money 
It ’s just under 20 
You wo n’t just be swimming this one time 
It costs nearly 200 to treat someone to a meal lately 
Wo n’t you be embarrassed if you always go there for free ? 
Would n’t it be okay if we swim everyday ? 
Moreover , they wo n’t like it 
Why am I embarrassed ? 
Just keep in with them 
There is no basic cost 
Even if you have the nerve , they wo n’t be comfortable 
Does n’t the water cost money ? 
It needs a ton of water 
Do n’t worry . If we introduce a few people to come to swim , wo n’t there ’ll be money ? 
My mom caught a cold 
Originally , she said she would come over at night 
If she has cold , she should come over after she gets over it 
Okay 
For Han Rui , even if you treat him to dinner , it ’d be better to ask him to give you a card 
That ’s easy 
Otherwise , it ’s definitely no good if we always go there for free 
Think about it . If other people always get stuff for free , you definitely would n’t feel happy 
He does n’t have cards , because he just opened the business 
He definitely does have some 
Kids get a membership card when they swim 
Only a group purchase is a one - time thing 
Oh , I ’ll ask 
I want to take Oubao to go one time in the near future 
Let me ask Han Rui first 
The previous group purchase was so good 
It was only 16.8 
Why ca n’t I find the price of teppanyaki in [ Leopard | Jinqianbao ] ? 
Me either 
I ca n’t find the public reviews 
You can call and =ask 
Ask 
I think we should’nt go to [ Leopard | Jinqianbao ] 
What do you think ? 
Why ? 
My mom said she is not going . She ’ll look after Oubao at home 
Have n’t you always been talking about [ Leopard | Jinqianbao ] ? 
I ca n’t eat the raw stuff at [ Leopard | Jinqianbao ] ? 
There is no teppanyaki at [ Leopard | Jinqianbao ] any more 
They do n’t make it any more 
Oh 
I wondered 
Shall we go to the one from last night ? 
I just called 
198 ? 
Okay 
How many people and when ? 
We do n’t have the final number for this 
Anxu asked me when I ’ll have time 
But do you think it ’s good to leave my mom home to look after the kid ? 
It ’s definitely not good 
I did n’t say to leave her home 
Right 
I ’m torn 
I did n’t say tht you said it 
What I mean is what to do 
Or I do n’t eat . I do n’t care 
Can you look after him by yourself at home ? 
Why could n’t I look after him ? 
Feed him formula when he ’s hungry , feed him syrup when he ’s thirsty , and change the diaper when he poos or pees 
Why ? 
There are many group purchases for hotels now 
They are regional no matter how many there are . There is a market 
A call came from the month - after - pregnancy caregiver 
Tell Little Lin 
Tell Wang Qian that we want Miaozi ’s clothes 
We want the used ones too 
? 
Were you looking for me ? 
I do n’t remember what it was for … 
[ OMG | faint ] 
I have to admire Han Rui . He is very aggressive and acts without delay . I have to admire him 
He has done it before 
No. He worked at Jinbaobei for a few months 
He ’s knowledgeable at least 
Yeah 
I ’ve basically never done this 
A group purchase today 
Okay 
Do you know how to install it if I buy it ? 
Why would n’t I be able to ? I ’ll learn if I do n’t know how 
When you eat in a while , go downstairs and measure how long the wipers are 
I do n’t need to . Just ask the seller if it can been used on Lavida 
What ’s the size ? 
He knows everything 
No response , for a long time after I asked 
There is a table for sizes , but only ones for 2011 Lavida on it 
Ours is a 2011 Lavida 
[ OMG | I faint ] 
Is n’t it the earliest model ? 
It ’s the 2009 model 
No difference , right ? 
I searched and found it from others 
Are the two wipers in different sizes ? 
I ’m not sure … Probably 
Wait for the seller 
We ’re not in a rush 
Wang Qian just gave us two sets of clothes 
A thick one and a thin one 
They are new 
She said she would bring the used ones after sorting them out . She ’ll bring the ones among those that are relatively new 
Tell her that it really does n’t matter if they are used or new 
We wo n’t scorn the used ones 
Yeah , I said it 
I asked other sellers - it ’s the right size 
I ’ll buy them then 
Okay 
? 
? 
Is it too lousy ? 
The rent is less than 100,000 a year 
Try to remember where the exact location is 
I ca n’t remember 
It ’s the almost just as lousy over there 
There is nothing around it 
There are mostly one - way streets around it 
There are parking space in front 
Yeah 
But the rent is really cheap 
Cheap things wo n’t pay 
If it ’s expensive , there naturally is a reason for being expensive 
Do n’t consider the one for 1,000 
The one behind 
At the beef noodle place ? 
Yeah 
It ’s quite good , except for not being able to park 
There is nothing there except an old Dongmen market 
There is not even an elementary school 
See where this is 
The place where we were not allowed to park 
The place where we were not allowed to park 
No , it ’s not … 
It ’s next to it 
Yeah 
Right 
This is new 
But it ’s not suitable for a hotel 
It seems like it used to be a clothes store before 
It was n’t 
It seems like it ’s always been vacant 
Is it the one which used to be a hotel too ? 
It has always been vacant 
Nobody rents it 
It would be easy to open it in Kuangshan . At least the Public Security wo n’t bother it 
So the hotel next door is still there 
How can it be a hotel with such a structure ? 
It ’s there 
The hotel is on the extreme edge 
It ’s a large chain store 
It ’s probably not a chain store 
Yeah 
What ’s it called ? 
Something like Wuzhou 
I ca n’t remember clearly 
Bin Fen Wuzhou 
I do n’t remember 
I ’ll call the agent to ask 
No 
No sewage 
Do you know how far it is ? 
I know 
There are all schools around 
Huh 
Do you know how far those schools are away from each other ? 
Is it close to your school ? 
He included all schools within a radius of 250 kilometers 
They actually are all very far away from each other 
The public transportation is not developed over there 
There are only buses on Jingshi Road 
There are no taxis at all 
How about this one ? 
Above Shi Xiaolong 's chain store at Xiyangzhuang Station Road East , Lishanbei Road North , Jinan City 
I know 
I used to pass it every morning before 
It ’s not prosperous 
Yeah , it ’s not well developed 
How do you feel about the one at Jiuzhou ? 
The one on Zhangzhuang Road ? 
No 
The one I sent you 
I have no idea about the exact location 
What do you think , take over one or find a place to build one ? 
One to take over may come with luck , but not by searching for it 
Where is Jixiangyuan ? 
Did you leave ? 
I just left 
You played for a long time 
It was already three o’clock when I came 
The parents of the players gave me a card 
Hee hee 
From where ? 
Ginza 
500 
Are you taking a rest all the weekend ? 
Theoretically , yes 
My dad did n’t pass again 
Huh 
The result of [ the Continuous Barriers exam | Press the pies ] is out 
[ OMG | I fainted ] 
It could n’t be 
Will he take the exam again 
He said he would take it again , one last time 
Huh … 
If he takes the exam again , he will be tested just on the nine items 
He does n’t need to take the shifting parking exam 
Oh 
When ? 
It looks like it ’s next month 
When your parents come over tonight 
Just say my dad has something at his work unit 
Oh 
Did n’t he finish the exams ? 
Why has n’t he come back ? 
He went to eat with his coach 
Oh 
What do you think Uncle is doing ? 
Huh 
I think there is something wrong with his driving school 
Only few people pass the exam every time 
Take a shower at your work unit if you have time today 
? 
?? 
Make a reservation 
At 6 o’clock on Sunday night 
11 people 
What ’s the criteria ? 
They need to prepare the dishes in advance 
It has n’t been said 
How can I make a reservation ? 
It will okay to decide after we get there 
They need to prepare the dishes in advance 
Did n’t we decide on a site the other day ? 
Prepare more pumpkin soup 
I guess it ’ll be by the criteria of 158 
It wo n’t be higher 
Oh … 
It ’ll be okay to make a reservation on Saturday 
I made the reservation 
Okay 
Will that room be too crowded ? 
It ’ll be a little bit crowded . It ’s okay 
It wo n’t be okay if there are more people 
Who will be there ? 
Besides my mom , my grandparents are both going 
Or I wo n’t go . It really does n’t matter 
? 
People you know ? 
I do n’t know them 
He is only 28 
He called me Little Wang ? 
Oh 
The parents of the players will pay for dinner tonight 
The group treats 
[ OMG | I faint ] 
I ’m making dumplings 
Good 
At Jufulin on Yaotou Road 
Oh 
Are you driving there ? 
I ’m also thinking about that 
Drive 
It ’ll be far without driving a car 
This way I can avoid drinking 
It wo n’t be good if you do n’t drink 
Why is it not good ? 
I ’m driving 
I have no choice 
What a good excuse 
Oh 
? 
Only refilling the telephone fee by 800 today 
Whose ? 
Tao Fei and =A Shun ’s 
It got into the account 
Check it 
It ’ll rain this afternoon or evening 
Oh 
The wipers are here 
Their quality is quite good 
Really ? 
Why do you always let me refill ? 
Do n’t you know someone who can give you a cheaper price ? 
Oh 
The one I know changed his profession 
He quit doing it 
Oh 
[ OMG | I fainted ] 
Give me the money when you get back tonight 
I ’m in such an unfavorable situation 
Hello , hello ? 
Okay now 
Give me 1,000 tonight 
Check it out 
It got into the account 
It did 
? 
?? 
Liu Jianbin asked me to take you tonight 
Go with us 
Is it okay ? 
Is his wife going ? 
I sent SMS and asked 
Is there any problem with Oubao ? 
No problem 
He just finished taking a bath 
Both of them will take their spouse , but I do n’t know whether it ’s true 
You go arrange it 
I ’ll go pick you up after work 
Are their wives going ? 
It ’s said that they are all going 
If they do n’t go , it ’ll be bad for me to go 
It wo n’t be 
Is Oubao well - behaved ? 
Yeah 
He fell asleep 
Oh 
I had an idea today 
I ’m saying it to you 
Okay 
Opening a hotel needs investment no matter how big it is . We have to invest over 100,000 no matter what 
For us the pressure is too big 
And we do n’t have any experience 
Feng Yinglong ’s mother said she is doing medicine . Doing medicine does n’t require much investment , and it is profitable . I want to do it several times with her mentoring to accumulate some experience 
The main thing for doing medicine is to keep in with doctors . My dad can help with this kind of stuff 
Liu Yuqing can be considered as another way , and Haijin ’s real elder brother is also a doctor in the hospital 
What do you think ? 
Opening a hotel requires principal , which we do n’t have 
We can open one , but only when we have enough savings 
Hello 
Why will she mentor you ? 
Our relationship is good 
Let ’s talk after I pick you up 
I ’d better not go 
Ah ? 
It wo n’t end early if people drink 
The children are going 
So it wo n’t be too late 
I ca n’t feed Oubao if I come back too late 
He ’ll have formula for nearly 12 hours 
They ’ll all take the players 
It wo n’t be too late 
Go and have a fun time together 
Fang Junhui ’s mother is going too . You can talk about being introduced work by her 
Oh 
Is it okay to leave at 5:30 ? 
It ’ll be 5:30 soon 
Oh 
They ’re having training at the Olympic Sports Center and will finish very early 
How will Liu Jianbin ’s wife go ? 
She ’s at work and will go by herself 
I ’d better not go 
I ca n’t eat much stuff 
[ OMG | faint ] 
It ’ll be all right 
You can eat 
How ca n’t you eat ? 
They are all well cooked 
I ’m not going 
I ’m concerned about Oubao 
It ’ll be very quick 
We can get back before 9 o’clock 
I do n’t want to go 
Go 
It wo n’t be too late 
Do you want me to drive ? 
No 
I ’ll try not to drink 
It actually does n’t matter if I do n’t drink 
I really do n’t want to go 
Hehe , I saw you were talking about star signs , and I ’m very curious ! 
My birthday is on December 1st 
Blood type A 
Let ’s see what my personality is like 
Hehe , it looks pretty good 
No , really ? 
That ’s all the good stuff you have to say , right ? 
I do n’t think it ’s that good [ smiley ] 
Women have the last word on whether it ’s good or not [ smiley ] 
Haha , my wife both loves me and hates me 
She hates that I do n’t listen to her instruction , loves that I take my responsibilities very seriously ! [ smiley ] 
Sagittariuses naturally love freedom . They love to be [ free and unrestrained | powerful and unrestrained like a heavenly steed soaring across the skies ] . How could they like the feeling of being shut in ? 
Your wife should learn properly about star signs [ smiley ] 
That ’s why she always complains that I do n’t listen to her [ smiley ] 
What sign is your wife ? Haha , she has a bit strong character [ smiley ] 
Oh , dear . So my star sign has determined my personality . Next time I ’ll lay it all out for her ! 
She was born on 7th of the 3rd month in the lunar calendar 
I do n’t know what star sign that is 
But my wife is OK , she does n’t tell me off too much . She likes having fun herself ! 
She has a very good heart 
For the star sign you have to see 7th of the 3rd month of which year 
It may be Aries , and it may be Taurus 
She was born in 1983 
Haha [ you like younger women | old cow eats tender grass ] [ smiley ] 
[ smiley ] We are both pigs in the Chinese zodiac 
Yes , it turns out that it is Aries . They like the feeling of being a leader 
But Aries and Sagittarius are a good match 
She has been trained by me , so she ’s old grass now [ smiley ] 
I think so , too . We two always make up after we fight 
Neither of us bears grudges 
So you do care about each other 
What star sign are you ? 
Haha Aries 
No wonder I ’m able to talk to you . To be honest , I ’m not very good at talking to [ women | female students ] 
Why ? What ’s so scary ? 
I do n’t know , I ’m worried about saying the wrong thing . We men are used to not filtering what we say . I ’m worried that our fellow students might take offense ! 
Aries say whatever they think , they [ do n’t pay much attention | have no heart and no lungs ] , they [ do n’t like to be formal | call people brother ] , so people wo n’t be worried about saying the wrong thing 
And I very rarely talk in a group 
I ’m going out for a little while , I ’ll come back and see what you ’ve said [ smiley ] 
That ’s right , chatting to you , I do n’t feel worried about saying the wrong thing ! 
OK 
I ’ll work for a while , too 
Hey , bro , just a reminder : do n’t forget to choose a name for me [ smiley ] 
OK , I promise I will complete this mission ! 
Must complete it before the end of the year [ smiley ] 
I do n’t need that long 
It ’ll be done by the middle of next month [ smiley ] 
Mm , I ’ll wait . I expect you ’re looking at the Yellow Calendar . Middle of the 11th month is a good time to choose a name [ smiley ] 
[ Smiley ] [ My elder | older college friend ] is both wise and bold , you ’ve covered up my failure to perform my duties with a light - hearted joke ! 
Hehe , that ’s the way to make life happy and vibrant 
Bro , do you like that name ? [ smiley ] 
Hehe , bro , you ’re making fun of me , do you want to die ? [ smiley ] 
Just got into work , just livening things up ! [ smiley ] 
Have n’t woken up yet ! 
You ’re really lucky , I started work at 1 o’clock [ smiley ] 
It is 13:30 for us 
What time at night ? 
8 hours a day 
8 am ? 
I am having a customer who just came , I ’m off for a while ! 
Are you there ? 
Manager Chen , let them adjust first . The requirement is that it must be set up on the first , second and third floors . Let the regional leaders on each floor set up on their own . There will be a monetary penalty if it is found that someone failed to set up 
This does not include our Sanshang . We use separate ones 
The set - up will be finished before 12 o'clock tomorrow ? 
So , those you gave me did not include Sanshang ? 
Um , 
It is not included . We use the dial - up Internet 
Our ip addresses are different from yours ; ours are used for dial - up alone 
You do n't have to dial up using your router ; we dial up using our router 
Call me if there is any problem 
OK 
What 's up ? 
Go ahead 
A man died while kicking a ball on the soccer field = = . .
[ emoticon ] When did that happen ? 
Yesterday ... or else the day before yesterday ... 
Really unlucky 
That man was a roommate of one of our classmates= =. .
So be really careful with your health , do n't overdo it when playing ball games , or =whatever ... 
OK [ emoticon ] 
Really horrible ! 
He was in the middle of kicking a ball when he collapsed ... Particularly horrible ... 
Stop talking about it . [ I | Brother ] am really scared ... 
Wait until your cold is completely better before touching a ball again ... 
I was actually training this afternoon ... 
There 's no other way , is there ? We 've got a match tomorrow ... 
Only do what you can , alright ? 
Er ... I 'll take note of that next time 
What 's up ? [ emoticon ] 
You see , how concerned about you [ I | your sister ] am 
Of course , of course . You 're a good sister [ emoticon ] 
[ I | Brother ] am chatting with you =in secret 
?? 
Our lights are out now 
... 
The lights are out this early ? 
Of course , they could be 
I 'm tired , okay ? 
Public Security University kids are really miserable 
You =do n't even have any specialized courses [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
We will have some next semester 
A really laid - back first year in college ... 
Our routine tasks are a real chore 
Haha ... 
Go to sleep soon . I 'm going to watch an episode , and then I have to do some study [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] Do you have to watch your program ? 
Go to sleep soon . Do n't try to pack too much into each day ! 
I 'd be miserable if I did n't watch it , OK ? I 'm just a waste of space , in this regard … 
OK ~~ [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] Do n't go on past 12 o'clock a.m. Good night 
What are you busy with ? 
Hehe 
I feel that coming to this institute in Xiamen is even worse than going to Xinjiang 
There are no funds here 
Xinjiang is just a bit too remote 
Hehe 
Yes 
Get into the 100 Talents Program in Xinjiang or Xinjiang 's Thousand Talents Program 
There are plenty of funds 
In that case , can you go to Xinjiang now ? 
No 
Hehe 
Forget it 
I 'll muddle through here for now 
Hehe , it 's quite good here 
With the location Xinjiang is in , I guess many people have given up 
Yes 
But the remuneration Xinjiang offers is not bad 
Zhang 
Little Fu 
What 's up ? 
Regarding the stuff we got today , have you recorded file boxes ? 
We forgot to get them 
No , I have n't 
recorded 
How many do you need ? 
Hehe , we need five , I think 
Five would n't be enough . Eight , I think 
I 'll ask Brother Gang 
Come and get them 
Hehe 
After I 'm done with my busy work in the next two days . There 's no rush 
Well , come and get them when you need to use them 
Hmm , OK 
OK ? 
Hehe 
Dudu ? 
Un-huh .
Are you the one of our Kaikai ? 
Ugh .
I ’m that one but I ’m not his 
Oh , he ’s yours 
I see~ 
He is n’t mine either~~ 
So complicated … 
Right !!! 
Why did n’t you go to the training ? 
I ’d like to declare that we two have nothing to do with each other~ 
I ’m sick 
Oh , what ’s mumps ? 
Big lumps on the chin ? 
Uh-huh , right .
I have been infected . Fortunately it was found early 
That ’s too bad 
Ugh 
It did n’t grow that much 
Because it was found early 
What a pity 
Boss , I have a question for you~~ 
… Why ? 
Nothing , ha ha 
What ’s the problem ? 
Why are you guys all talking about me and Li Zekai ? 
Ah ? Is n’t it true ? 
Is it Jin Yuquan instead ? 
No 
He ’s too young 
Forget it .
That one even less 
They are about the same 
Oh 
In fact we are just so bored that we are joking 
Why are you just talking about me and Li Zekai ? 
Uh-huh , I found out~~~ 
You two match pretty well 
Do we ? 
You do 
Your personalities are complimentary 
I do n’t have any feelings about them . Why are they … Tell me 
Ah 
I did n’t know about that . What ’s my personality like ? What ’s his personality like ? 
You ’re extroverted and he ’s introverted 
This … seems kind of true … 
Right 
Not bad 
I think he ’s not bad , after I got to know him 
Get I contact with each other more . Unfortunately you have very little time to be in contact 
Ha ha , we chat 
Do you have a =boyfriend over there ? 
No 
Then no problem 
Is n’t Jinan better than Binzhou ? In the future , just stay in Jinan and develop yourself 
I ’m not allowed 
I want to do that too 
Ugh , it ’s too late 
It does n’t matter . It counts if you marry a guy from Jinan , too 
Uh-huh .
[ emoticon ] It ’s kind of a long time form now 
It ’s not long . It ’s a matter of just a few years 
Time flies without you noticing it 
Moreover , Coach , I ’m not from Binzhou . I ’m from Hunan~~~ 
Ugh 
I know 
Xiangtan 
Hunan girls are good 
If I had a son , I would definitely keep him for you 
Why ? 
Ugh .
I will keep Kaikai for you first 
I will beat any girl who is tries to strike up a conversation with him 
I really thank you , Coach [ emoticon ] 
You ’re welcome 
You ’re a good girl . I ’ll definitely keep a good boy for you 
Why am I good ? 
You have a good personality 
It ’s obvious that you are not a drama queen 
Why does everyone say that my personality is good ? 
Drama queens and [ suchlike | divine horse ] are the most disagreeable 
You ca n’t be too proud 
Ha ha , thanks , Coach 
I ’m not a coach … . Do I look like a coach ? I ’m the team leader 
Everyone calls me Boss . You can call me that too 
Boss~~ 
I wo n’t be proud~~ 
Ugh~ 
Okay , that ’s good 
Hee hee [ emoticon ] 
Boss , I ’ll chat with you later 
I ’ll go to the hospital to get shots . I ’ll look for you when I ’m done 
Wait for me 
Uh-huh 
Do n’t cry 
Boss~~ 
I ’m in the hospital . I ’m getting the drugs and getting ready for the shots 
Do n’t cry 
Dudu is the best 
I wo n’t cry 
I ’m very brave~~ 
You did n’t reply for so long that I thought you fainted 
Oh , I would n’t . I was having the shots and did n’t see it 
You must trust me~~ I wo n’t easily cry 
The more you say it , the more problematic it is~ 
You must have been a little kid who has refined feelings and is emotional 
Hee hee . Boss , what you said is so right 
Ha ha , is n’t it ? Boss is very good , otherwise how can I be Boss ? 
Right , right 
Boss , I ’ve found that either coaches in Jinan or players in Jinan are better than some people from our team … 
Ha ha , there are all kinds of birds in every forest 
Uh-huh . I really can see it 
You must be a sensible girl 
Why ? 
== 
Hee hee , all grow - ups say so 
But I do n’t think so~~ I ’ll keep trying 
Boss !! ? ? 
Because you always show your most beautiful side to everyone and you always smile . But life is n’t always easy and there must be unhappy moments , so you must bear all of them by yourself when you are sad and unhappy . That ’s why you are sensible 
Hee hee , Boss really understands people well~~ 
Hee hee , I ’m really very unusual 
Ha ha , right , right~~~ 
Boss , have you eaten ? 
I just went to eat 
How about you ? 
You should eat better while you ’re sick 
This way you can recover sooner 
I just finished eating 
I see~~~ 
I obey your commands~~~ 
You need to sleep after eating ! Otherwise the effect of the drugs and shots you ’ve taken will be halved at least 
I ca n’t do training now , so basically I just eat and sleep every day 
Has it been quite a few days already ? 
Poor little kid~ 
Three days 
How many days of shots do you have to take ? 
Uh-huh [ emoticon ] 
Is it Qingdao Sequela ? 
Today and tomorrow . If I do n’t recover , I still have to continue 
Lovesickness is a flood ? 
Ha ha ha ha 
Ugh .
For lovesickness , shots and drugs wo n’t have any effect ! 
No 
You ’re blushing ! I saw it ! 
Ugh , I guess Dumb Dan ca n’t beat you now … 
I am not 
Did the provincial team transfer you ? 
She can never beat me 
I do n’t know . It seems that they did n’t .
They even transferred Kaikai . Why did n’t they transfer you ? 
How would I know ? 
He ’ll stay on the provincial team in the future , right ? How about Jin Yuquan , Zhang Ning and others ? 
I do n’t know anything about Jin Yuquan or the others . Kaikai was transferred for training and the future is still unknown 
You have to buck up 
It ’s no good if you are separated in two places like this [ emoticon ] 
Uh-huh , I see . I ’ll buck up too~~ 
It was an accident . What I meant was I ’ll try harder in training 
Uh-huh 
You can be together if you try harder in training and get onto the provincial team 
Hee hee .
Be together !! ? ? I do n’t think about that much 
You can have training together 
What are you thinking about ? 
Ha ha 
I think our team wo n’t necessarily agree that we go to the provincial team 
Why ? Do n’t they trust he coaches of the provincial team ? 
But your coaches are not really necessarily worse than coaches of the provincial team 
Zhang Fan is leading us 
Right 
Even if you go to the provincial team , you ’ll be led by kids like Gao Peng and Wang Xinyu 
You ’ll accompany other players at most 
In our team , Zhang Fan is the coach and there is one physical fitness technician and three technical assistants 
Not bad . A big picture 
Uh-huh . I can accompany our team just the same 
You are more lucky than us then 
Hee hee , there are many orphans in our team 
They have been raised by the Sports Bureau 
Uh-huh 
We do n’t need to pay for our training and residence 
Are your parents both in Xiangtan ? 
Yeah , right 
Did you come to Binzhou directly from Hunan , or were you from Chaoda ? 
I came to Binzhou directly from Hunan 
Oh 
Were you bought by Binzhou after you won the National competitions ? 
I actually just started to play professionally . I did n’t play much back when in Hunan .
No , it ’s my godfather and Coach Xie Fengseng who recommended me to =come over~~ ( My Godfather is Peng Shuai ’s father ) 
Bach at home , my godfather would come to accompany me whenever I was playing tennis 
Oh , why does n’t he go travel around the world with Peng Shuai ? 
I do n’t know . Probably it ’s because my godmother is accompanying him 
Oh , it was me who took Peng Shuai to the urine test for the National Games 
Uh-huh .
[ emoticon ] I type so slowly 
You have such a good environment . You ’ll let everyone down if you do n’t achieve what Peng Shuai ’s achieved 
Hee hee , I ’ll work hard 
In fact , my parents did n’t allow me to play professionally . I was just playing for fun back at home 
How are your studies ? 
My parents were not particularly happy about my coming to Binzhou . They are afraid of my getting injured . Even now they are still saying , “ Come home if you are tired ” 
They ’re not bad . All the others are good and my English is number one~~~ 
That ’s not bad . You can consider going abroad to play and study , like Dumb Dan 
Yeah , it depends 
Anyway , I will definitely have my daughter play tennis 
That ’ll be okay if she does n’t get too tanned 
Yeah , playing tennis is very good 
Ugh , I was quite fair - skinned before I came to Binzhou 
I ’m the kind of person who gets tan quickly and go back to being fair quickly 
It has been one to two years since you came to Binzhou , right ? 
It ’s almost a year . It ’ll be a year next January 
Did you just come this year ? Did n’t you play tournaments last year ? Why do I remember seeing you before ? 
Ah ? You should n’t have . I just came this =year 
Wow 
Today ! 
I typed it wrong 
This year~~~ 
How can I know it 's not a typo ? Hee hee 
Zhou Qinmu on your side is quite handsome 
Do n’t you have any feelings ? 
Oh , not bad , not bad 
There really is a problem … 
I do n’t like him . I do n’t talk to him much 
Ah ? 
Sang Zhu is quite handsome !!! 
I treat him like my younger brother 
Yaseng is quite handsome !!! 
That ’s a girl , Boss 
Oh 
Okay 
Our Feng Renlong is quite handsome 
Ha ha 
Not bad , not bad 
Like a porcelain doll 
You have n’t seen his younger sister ; she ’s even cuter 
Like a Korean beauty 
Uh-huh .
I have n’t seen her 
She must be extremely cute 
Quite cute 
And she is very sophisticated too 
Hee hee 
Very independent 
A little girl~~ 
Once Feng Renlong and she were watching TV together , and there was a pig on TV . Feng Renlong said , “ Do you think it looks like you ? ” She retorted , “ Like [ your ass | your sister ] ” 
Ha ha , [ emoticon ] 
I was fooled . How old is she ? 
4 years old 
She has very good ball sense 
She can hold the racket by herself and play dozens of rounds against a wall 
Yeah , and she even knows to say [ your ass | your sister ] ~~ Ha ha 
Are you sleeping ? Are you a pig ? 
Boss , my cell phone has no more data flow . I ’ll look for you after a few days when I have data flow~~ Bye 
No 
Oh , [ OMG ] I ’m fainting ] 
Does QQ waste a lot of data flow ? 
Hee hee 
Not bad 
How much data flow do you have every month ? 
650 
That ’s quite a bit 
I have only 720 
I updated the system some time ago and downloaded stuff 
I ca n’t use it up 
Go get WIFI 
Hee hee , yeah yeah 
Can the team allow it ? Computers are not allowed , so I left it home 
Do n’t you have an internet port ? Buy a router if you have one 
Does n’t Jin Yuquan do it this way ? 
No 
Oh , get off then . Go to bed 
Uh-huh . I ’ll contact you after the 1st 
… 
Hee hee 
Can we chat every day for 10 RMB 
???? 
Chat 10 M every day ? 
Ha ha 
we can 
Ha ha 
Ha ha , okay okay . Let ’s chat as much as possible after the 1st~~~ 
I ’m getting off~~ Bye~~ 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
Recover soon 
When shall we go to China Town tomorrow ? 
Oh , we shall not go if it rains tomorrow~~~~ 
OK 
Let 's contact tomorrow~ it was originally planned that we wait until Deng Luyao finishes her class at 11:30 ~ and then we gather at China Town and have dinner~ 
OK . It can also work if we go there next week . The homework this week is pretty heavy 
Um , OK~ let 's go there next week ~ if we can endure until the next week 
I am afraid this storm will blow us away 
Haha , then we will live and die together 
True love 
Haha~ true love again~ Have you and your three girls at the house stocked up goods ? 
Anyway it is close to the supermarket 
There were quite a lot of people in the supermarket tonight ~ Oh I have n't stocked up on frozen foods ~ I am very worried~ 
Haha , there should be no problem 
Is it that exaggerated ? 
News reports are excessively exaggerated~ terrible storm and something like that~ 
Um , then will we have lessons on Monday and Tuesday ? 
How I wish we did n't have lessons 
The zoo also informed me not to work this week 
Right 
I do n't want to have the Statistics Course !!! 
Neither do I !!! 
Let 's pray~ 
Haha , let 's Pray 
Is the little monster sleeping ?~~~~ 
Not yet 
I want to choose qualitative modes of inquiry next semester~ It 's alex posecznick 's class~ He 's a teacher in your department , right ? 
Have you taken this class before ? 
Yes 
I have n't taken it before . At first I wanted to choose it this semester 
Afterwards I thought the homework was too much so I did n't choose it 
Okay , then . Go to sleep~ 
You 're not attending class next semester , right ? 
But one of my classmates chose to attend this class last semester 
Yeah . Basically not attending anymore , except for that internship one that sometimes still requires a meeting 
Did your classmate say anything bad about him ? 
Haha , he did say it 
He could n't really grasp the main points , because he 's a new teacher 
Just came last year 
[ Shit | I ’m coming to wipe ] ~~~~~~ 
I 'll choose to take it first~ Then go have a listen when the time comes~ Sigh~ 
Yeah . Listen , then 
Quick , recommend some classes to me~ 
I really do n't have any to attend~ 
Let me think about it 
Which fields do you want to take ? 
The “ gender and education ” which I took last semester was n't bad 
But I do n't know if you 'd be =interested 
interested 
Are there any classes which are more practical ?~~~~~~ Those that do n't need to do presentation would be best 
And not too much written homework either~ 
I 'll look at “ gender and education ” 
Yeah . This one is n't very practical . I just think that it ’s quite interesting 
Umm , it seems they do n't have it next semester~ 
[ Yikes | Forehead ] , okay then 
Are you interested in finance ? 
Bring on another one~ 
Okay~ 
They all say that there 's an entrepreneuship class that is n't bad 
It ’s also taught by Teacher Walton , it seems 
Oh . It seems so~ 
Yeah . You take a look 
Okay . I 'll look for it~ 
Thanks~ 
In fact this “ adolescent development ” that I 'm taking this semester is n't bad either . It ’s more interesting , but does n't match the practicality standard that you mentioned 
Why are you still putting on a show of politeness with me ? 
Is the homework a lot ? Is there presentation ? 
The homework is a lot , but quite easy to do . Moreover , the credits are higher . The crucial thing is you do n't have to write a paper at the end of semester . Just do a group project 
good ! Hope I can find a group 
Yeah . It 's divided by the teacher 
By the way , do you think we 'll have to turn in the statistics homework if we do n't attend class ? 
Perfect ! 
We should n’t have to , probably~ 
Yeah . I still have n't done it . I did n't really understand what was discussed this week 
I have n't done it yet either~ I 'll research it tomorrow~ 
Yeah . I thought so too . Have you guys stored food yet ? 
Stored a little~ It 's still quite calm outside now~ 
Going out for a stroll tomorrow 
Little monster~ I ca n't log into “ canvas ” anymore~ Can you send me the statistics homework ?~ 
Okay . Wait a second 
Received it ? 
Yeah . Received it ! Thanks ! 
The wind is blowing so frightfully outside 
Yes~ I feel that it will be very frightening tonight~ 
That 's right 
One of my students will shortly test the battery . You can learn by watching what he 's doing 
Before meal or after ? 
After meal 
OK 
Xu Jia , are you back ? 
Yes , I 'm back 
Shall I start ? 
Wait a minute . That student has gone to eat . Go to 421 to take a look in 20 minutes ' time . If he has come back , tell him you have come to watch , he will know 
OK ! 
Are you there ? Go to 421 and learn something 
OK 
Check your mailbox !!! 
Forward it to Sangsang and Xingli for me … 
When you 've received it , send me a reply !!! 
You send it ... 
I do n't know their email addresses 
Especially Zhang Xingli 's 
I 'm done for ! They are in the public email directory , and as the Communist Youth League branch secretary I actually do n't =know how to contact classmates in my class 
[ picture ] [ picture ] 
Would it kill you to send it ? ? !!! 
I was writing all evening !!! 
You 'd better have a look through today !!! 
It has to be rehearsed tomorrow after the Extensive Reading !!!!! 
I 'm going to be so sleepy [ emoticon ] 
I do n't want to read it [ emoticon ] 
I spent all evening doing it ... 
At the moment , I still need to write a plan itemizing the theoretical points - =. .
I still need to do my early reading tomorrow= =. .
I 've read it . =Really great ! [ emoticon ] 
I 've accidentally deleted Zhang Xingli 's email address ... 
Damn ... 
=Do n't act innocent==. .
I 'm sitting over by Zhou Chen again tomorrow [ emoticon ] 
I 'm begging you 
The teacher asked me not to always sit with you two [ emoticon ] 
I 'm begging you 
Seeing as I have worked hard writing the script 
Act innocent and show it to [ me | Dad ] 
I 'd better still sit over by Zhou Chen 
Damn !!!! 
Tomorrow come and sit over with us [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] ... I 'm going to sleep . Good night ~~~~ 
Are you there ? 
Is General Manager Yue there ? 
He 's not 
General Manager Yue generally does n't come in on Mondays 
OK ! 
Little Gao , has General Manager Yue arrived ? 
Are you there ? 
What 's up ? 
I need to ask you for a photocopy of a document 
To be used for filing the registration of real estate enterprises outside the city 
The one for a subsidiary company ? 
Yes 
Are you there ? 
Hmm 
Do you have those documents this morning ? 
Many thanks ! [ emoticon ] 
Do n't mention it 
Are you there ? 
Are you there ? 
Do you need an elevator ? 
Haha 
I 'm here 
You can keep your eye out 
Hehe 
If you 're not developers , what are you doing ? 
What 's the point of having an elevator when you do n't even have an apartment ? 
Are n't you developers ? 
Why is that ? 
You 've got money to earn 
Hahaha 
I can keep an eye out 
Your connections are not bad either 
But there is n't much hope 
They 're all the board chairman 's connections 
Hahaha 
You can try to do it 
What connections do I have ? 
You 're actually my greatest connection ! 
OK . I 'll keep an eye out for you 
You could make a lot of money 
Hehe 
I never dared to think of that 
I have great hope in you ! 
Hahaha 
I do n't have it in me to do that either ! 
Hahaha 
OK 
Forget about making money , I can keep an eye out for you if it 's for our bro relationship ! 
GMDEO Elevators 
Jiangsu GMDEO Elevators 
You can look into them 
Hehe 
What do you mean ? 
Are n't you selling Tongli elevators ? 
I 'm selling Tongli ones as well , but the profit margin is low 
Tongli is first - rate , but their elevators are expensive 
Oh 
I 'm also selling Jiangsu GMDEO elevators , which are a bit cheaper 
In short , any elevators will do , 
as long as there is a deal 
I 'm not familiar with your field of elevators 
We can buy anything 
Oh 
To succeed , the key thing is the people 
Hehe 
The key thing is the people 
Brilliant ! 
Hmm 
Goods is not the problem at the moment 
Hmm 
Elevators are all the same . They 're all made in China 
The key thing is the sales channels 
Hehe 
That 's right 1 
Even if Mitsubishi is so awesome , is n't it produced in China all the same ? 
Manufactured in China 
Oh 
I 'm not familiar with your field 
=Still , I 've heard of Mitsubishi 
elevators 
Otis 
American 
What make is TOSI ? 
The best elevators in the world , but it 's difficult to sell them in China 
The key thing is that our relations with the US are not good , and so as soon as something goes wrong , it gets publicly exposed 
Oh 
Citic used to use that brand 
Oh 
I think they 're quite good 
Those elevators 
Hmm 
Those elevators have become hard to sell 
Publicly exposed in a really terrible way 
Oh 
Why is that ? 
It 's very difficult for suppliers to get in here at our place 
Oh 
It 's not easy to do 
It 's mainly done through the top boss 's connections 
the =board chairman 's connections 
Hmm , right 
It requires an unusual amount of effort 
And beneath him there are =many leaders waiting 
You should realize this 
Right 
People 
This society only recognizes connections ; it does n't recognize the goods ! 
The key thing is people - they do n't recognize the goods 
not the goods 
I 'm almost becoming a cynic ! 
Right ! 
I can only ask colleagues on construction projects for you 
and see if there are any opportunities 
Hehe 
Hmm 
OK 
Are you still in the office ? 
Hmm 
It 's 5:30 
Oh 
What the heck is there to be cool about ? 
I 've just come back after finishing work 
Cool ! 
Working is cool ! 
There is money to earn ! 
Get ready to go home ! 
You do likewise ! 
A wife , a child , and a warm brick bed ! 
What about your wife ? 
Envy , jealousy , and hatred ! 
What the hell have I got ? ! 
Get them over 
Jinan 
I 'm in Hekou 
You 're really cool 
Get ready to knock off work soon ! 
Do n't talk rubbish ! 
Hmm 
OK 
I still need to rush through something 
I 'll keep an eye out for you regarding that matter of yours ! 
It 's really relaxed at work 
Yes ! 
Relaxed ! 
You 're relaxed ! 
You 're actually the cool one 
I 'll soon be run off my feet ! 
I 'm going out in a little while to do some work 
I 'll help you =then 
Haha 
What are you doing ? 
Doing some work 
Going to the construction site 
I 've just asked for you 
Oh 
What 's the situation ? 
There are quite a few construction sites ! 
It looks like you must submit a tender 
Hmm 
No problem 
Over at Dragon City they used quite a few brands 
That means quite a few connections ! 
Damn 
Otis or something 
=None of the connections can be offended 
If you do n't have connections , this is hard to do 
Tongli 
OK 
Shunda 
What about Haoyun ? 
They have rubbish brands as well 
and first - rate brands 
Right 
What are the results like ? 
It was all Otis in Area A 
Used only in Area A 
The results must have been quite good 
I 'm not really sure 
I 'll ask about it again 
Where are you , and how long are you staying ? 
In Dragon City ? 
How long in total would you stay on which project ? 
Over 2 months 
I 'm not over there anymore now 
I 'm in Hekou district 
Oh . What are you doing there ? 
Office clerk and =assistant in the development department 
I am now working on the Shengshi Haoting project 
Get hold of the development department 
I did n't know anyone when I 'd just arrived 
I do n't have much say in anything 
Just getting the land and getting the certificates 
Are you developers or marketing strategists ? 
and coordinating relations with the government approval department 
That 's awesome ! 
We are developers 
So you guys are definitely in charge of things 
But the company has a marketing strategy department 
You could also sell elevators yourself 
We are only one department in the company 
Hmm 
Buy them ourselves ? 
Sell them yourselves 
I 'm too busy to deal with it now ! 
All you have to do is show up at work 
Is your boss a capable person ? 
The problem is that at the moment I 've just arrived here 
Hmm 
You know it too 
Take it slowly 
Build up your connections with people 
I do n't have much say in some things 
There are plenty of opportunities in future 
Take it slowly , then 
Hmm 
Yes 
There 's no rush 
There 'll be plenty of projects 
There are two small high - rise developments whose pile foundations have just been laid 
Hmm 
When it gets to the point where elevators are needed , I can be a little bit more watchful 
Hmm 
I 'll first gather some information 
Hmm 
When it comes to connections again , go directly up to them 
You can only discuss it after first getting to know the people in charge of it 
Hmm 
Yes 
Are the projects you 're currently dealing with your own ? 
No 
I 'm handling them along with other people 
Have you got any of your own ? 
If they invite tenders at the time , you would still have to do it in your company 's name ! 
Hmm 
Yes 
Then , are n't you just getting a commission ? 
I 'm not selling Tongli ones 
And you still have to keep going back and forth to Dongying 
Jiangsu GMDEO elevators 
Oh 
Get a low price 
Oh 
Without insurance 
The profit on selling and installing one would be around 20,000 - 30,000 
Well , who would install it ? 
The manufacturer ? / 
No 
The manufacturer would authorize us to install it ourselves 
Oh 
Well , are you coming to Dongying ? / 
I will go there if there is a project there 
And it 's not far away 
Oh 
Oh 
Besides , I wo n't be there every day 
Oh 
Well , what about the after - sales service ? 
In terms of the after - sales service , the manufacturer has repair and maintenance service providers in Dongying 
Oh 
OK 
You can keep an eye out 
OK 
When the time comes , we could find a way to do it 
Hmm 
OK 
Let me know if you need materials 
OK 
You can look them up on the Internet first 
Jiangsu GMDEO Elevators 
OK 
Are you there ? 
How did today 's lesson inspection go ? 
OK . I 've just got back , and I 'm having something to eat 
Have you eaten ? 
Uh-huh 
Oh 
Well , enjoy your meal then ! 
What do you normally do for meals ? 
I have something to eat , one way or another 
There 's no cafeteria 
? 
There is 
Very lousy ! 
You should look after yourself ! 
There 's no way I could compare myself with you guys ! 
I 'm getting fat from eating over here 
No , you 're not , hehe 
Have you finished your meal ? 
Hehe 
I have to continue auditing in class tomorrow 
It 's really warm ! 
Can you be considered fat ? 
You 're that tall , yet so skinny ! 
When I had just passed the entrance exam for the party school , I was 168 and 47.5 kilos . Now I 'm 50 , haha 
Go auditing then , otherwise you 've got nothing to do anyway 
Really ? 
168 , and only 50 kilos ! 
That 's skinny ! 
Women should n't be too skinny ! 
Eat your meal first 
Eating and chatting at the same time are bad for your stomach ! 
I need to pop out for a bit too ! 
Let 's chat another time ! 
OK 
Eat a bit more ! 
I 'm just eating rice porridge 
Eat some nice things in my stead ! 
I 'll study with you this evening [ emoticon ] 
Hmm 
Are you there , Sister ? 
The books for the entrance exams of the Central Party School 
What books are you studying ? 
There are twenty - five days left until the exam 
Oh 
Yes , I 've entered my name for the exam 
This exam is not that easy , and I can just do my best 
Are you planning to take the exam ? 
There are also the Ji'nan public institution personnel exams next month -- in your spare time , spend some time reading that book in your hand 
Oh 
It does n't matter if I do n't pass the entrance exam -- I wo n't =lose the job 
In that case , I should n't disturb you 
Uh-huh 
Focus on preparing for the exam then , Sister ~ 
Oh 
OK 
Let 's go back home together when you 're free 
Yes , sir ! 
Hehe 
You 're right there ! 
I 'll also take the Ji'nan public institution personnel exams if there is an appropriate one 
But you 'll need to be really hardworking ! 
OK 
(*^ _ _ ^*) Hee hee ... 
My work is OK ; the problem is that it 's too much hassle going home 
Right ! 
Uh-huh 
Although Ji'nan is quite chaotic , when all is said and done , there are relatives and friends there ! 
Right ! 
I do n't even know one person in Dongcheng 
[ emoticon ] Go back by taking the exam 
Heh - heh 
Oh 
Just know some colleagues 
Go for it , 
Take the =exam , Sister ! 
I support you ! 
Uh-huh , let 's study together . There 's nothing wrong with doing a bit more study 
How can I get into your Qzone ? 
My Qzone is where I write my diary , and other people can not read it [ emoticon ] 
Oh 
OK 
You can add me on renren . com 
I wo n't read it , I wo n't read it 
Uh-huh , read books 
OK ! Read books ! 
I 'll give you a shout when they 're registering in Ji'nan 
Come on ! 
Oh 
I 've forgotten your name 
Lü Lei , Lily 
I have n't got my undergraduate degree certificate yet ! 
Let 's discuss it later ! 
Two years after graduating with an undergraduate degree , you can apply for graduate studies in our school , and it is nationally recognized 
Thank you , Sister ! 
Double mpa certificate from Shangdong Normal University 
Oh 
Great ! 
Read your book ! 
OK ! 
Put more effort into it ! 
I 'll do some reading as well ! 
What time did you read till last night ? 
Half past 9 
What about you ? What time did you go to bed ? 
Eleven o'clock [ emoticon ] 
What time do you go to work ? 
Were you reading all that time ? 
I somehow feel I have an obsession with going to bed late 
Hehe 
No , I also snacked and also slacked in the meantime , hehe 
A common failing among the post-80s generation ! 
Hehe 
What time do you go to work ⊙o⊙ 
Your life is very regular 
8:30 
OK - ish , I 'd say ! 
Me too 
Very regular ! 
Our teachers ' classes are really boring 
I did n't go to audit in class today 
Oh 
I 'm in class right now 
Hehe 
I did n't have anything in particular to do either ! 
It 's on party members ' style of work and clean government 
I 'll carry on listening to the lecture [ emoticon ] 
In that case , what do you actually think of it ? ! 
Other people would like to hear such lectures , but do n't get the opportunity to do so ! 
Listen to it intently ! 
You 'll need to explain it later ! 
Umm , giving a lecture [ emoticon ] 
Hehe 
Put more effort into it ! 
Have n't you gone to bed yet ? You 're getting naughty 
Are you there ? 
I got back to the dormitory yesterday , QQ was on in the office 
The temperature will drop tomorrow , so put on =some more clothes 
some more 
I have a meeting this week , and ca n't go back home . I 'm going back to Ji'nan next week [ emoticon ] 
Beautiful Sister 
Are you there ? 
You 're not going back this week ? 
I 'm not . There 's a =meeting I 've got to attend 
Oh 
Uh-huh 
I noticed the message you left me yesterday 
Hehe 
I 'm writing up the data 
What are you doing at the moment ? 
Are you in class ? 
Oh 
Then get on with your work ! 
OK 
Our school said they will soon build a new school , and after the new school is built , it should have some subsidized housing 
When you go back home , take some more clothing with you 
I will probably go back to Ji'nan 
Even if I have , you ca n't deliver it for me , hehe 
Do you have anything that needs to be delivered ? 
Oh ! 
That 's really great ! 
But that should be something in a good three years ' time 
Hehe 
I do n't even know if I will still be in Dongying in three years ' time 
A really long time 
Do you think you like Dongying ? 
Yes ! 
Alright 
I would n't actually say I like it 
Is your salary in Ji'nan the same as what you got in Dongying ? I am going to go to the Ji'nan party school , and I think the salary will be 700 - 800 less 
But I could n't say I find it disagreeable either ! 
You did n't mention that 
Did I mention my cellphone number to you ? 
Oh 
I will probably get a reduction in my salary too 
Give me a call 
Um , I 'll give you a call 
The Ji'nan number 
You do n't have a roaming service ? 
That 's right 
Really great 
The company reimburses my phone charges 
I 've got to go and do something for a while 
Let 's chat later 
GSM has no roaming service , right ? 
Hehe 
The GSM package 
OK 
If anything crops up , give me a call 
Hehe 
OK 
Get on with your work ! 
? 
? 
What did you ask ? 
Have you eaten ? 
I just ate 
How about you ? 
I finished eating 
How 's your business going lately ? 
Oh 
Not good 
You have n't come 
How could it be good ? 
Heh heh 
Heh heh . I 'm taking care of my daughter , so I do n't have time 
Heh heh , you 're busy 
Moreover , you do n't come out . I have to expand our services 
Huh ! 
Come on 
It 's naturally like this 
You expand and then I 'll go immediately 
Forget it 
It would n't be me , that way 
You are not like that for everyone . Would n't it be okay just for me ? 
I 'm going cleaning 
Let 's talk again when we have time 
Oh 
Come back . I 'll wait for you .
Because I do n't know how to answer this question 
Did you finish cleaning ? 
Are you working ? 
Huh ! You 're ignoring me 
No 
My cell phone has no charge 
Heh heh 
No more flow data ? You should have now . Heh heh , it 's the beginning of the month 
Are you there ? 
What happened to you ? 
Yes 
I heard yesterday that you withdrew from the group 
What happened ? 
Quite a few things have been troubling me recently 
and I want to have some peace 
Oh 
What happened ? What 's troubling you ? Can I help you ? 
Hehe , it 's alright , I just need to sort out my thoughts 
I trust you 
I also seldom talked in the group recently 
No business trips lately ? 
Nope 
I 'm quite busy at work , QQ was always flickering , affecting me a lot 
That 's why I withdrew from the group for now 
You can set it 
so that it does not show 
More straightforward , haha 
Are you there ? 
Zhenya , I ’m here 
Been busy lately ? I thought you were all =ignoring me [ smiley ] 
=It feels fulfilling , I ’ve been leaving early and coming back late , [ being an escort girl | doing triple accompaniment ] . [ smiley ] 
One more customer to go who gets in here on the weekend 
How come you left the group ? [ smiley ] 
heh 
I wanted a bit of quiet 
It is nothing , sorry to everyone 
You are thinking too much [ smiley ] 
Xin Jing Ru Shui [ smiley ] =My heart is as a calm as still water 
Keep yourself in good spirits every day [ smiley ] 
Mm 
It is you who creates life and state of mind [ smiley ] 
I ’ll join the group again when I ’ve worked out what I think 
Sorry to [ everyone | fellow students ] 
You ’re taking it a bit far , you should =reflect on your errors . [ smiley ] 
You go and work , we ’ll chat when you have time 
OK , 88 
Are you ? 
You are 
Are you Jiang Shasha ? 
? 
I do n't know you 
How do you know me ? 
Zhang Zhixiang 
Do you recognize me ? 
Gosh ! 
I 'm upset ! 
Are you from Flourishing Dragon City 's property sales office ? 
Did you buy an apartment from me here ? 
No ! 
I am also buying an apartment ! 
And I even went for a drink with you ! 
We 've clinked glasses together ! 
When ? 
I do n't have meals with customers -- how do you know me ? Looking at your name , it seems I have heard of you 
Do you still not recall it ? 
Zhang Zhixiang 
What 's your phone number 
O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O~ 
Hehe 
I just arrived in Hekou several days ago , and you do n't recognize me ! 
Did n't the two of us have a drink when the Haoting opened for sale ? ! 
Haha 
I know now ! 
You ! 
Hehe 
You 're in Hekou ? 
Yes 
Are n't you at work ? 
I noticed you today in " People you probably know " and just added you ! 
Oh ! No problem 
Forgive me for that ! 
What are you doing over there ? 
At work ? 
I 'm still doing the same stuff 
office and the development department 
Oh 
Do it to the best of your ability , and make a contribution to Hekou 
Go for it as best you can ! 
Handsome guy 
I got back to the dormitory yesterday , and QQ was on in the office 
You are too simple , Elder Brother ... 
Do you want it from all cities ? 
yeah 
The bureau requires it to be summarized 
Is n't reporting the data ? 
Manager Chen 
Are you busy ? 
You are being so polite 
Have you taken care of the organizational structure ? 
When will it be announced ? 
Is there a suitable position for me ? 
Yeah 
Look at you 
I 'm about to be removed 
Can you see if there 's any new position ? 
Hoho , no problem , no matter how it changes , the company will always seek to improve itself 
When the time comes , at worst I 'll just go home 
Please speak 
It ’s done , but there are some positions that have n't yet been taken care of 
Will announce it very soon 
It should be announced at the beginning of the month before the 8th , right ? 
It ’s what I ’m guessing 
Oh 
Do I know the shop ? 
It 's just that the work hours are too long at Sanshang Store 
What time would it be when I get home at night ? 
My son would already be asleep 
I wo n’t be able to see my son all day 
Ca n't play with him for a while when I go home at night either 
Do you think I would have the enthusiasm to do this job ? 
However , are there any other positions ? 
I think my adaptability is nevertheless very strong 
Give me a few days and my work will be able to flow smoothly 
Finance still needs to recruit people 
Sigh 
I do n't want this either 
Tianlai 
You are asking me to [ head towards my doom | strike an egg against the rock ] here . Other people have been doing it for so long , I definitely wo n’t be as good as them 
Haha 
What is competing for employment ? 
You mean , at that time it 'll be messed up again 
There are n't many people now either 
What position ? 
Is n't it just the people on the third floor ? 
How many positions are there now ? 
If Sanshang Store could work double - shifts , like supermarkets or other specialty stores 
I could accept it 
However , New Year is around the corner now . It 's also not easy to find a job now 
Manager Chen , we 're chatting privately here 
Just now I had been busy for most of the day 
However , I 've worked at the company for more than four years . If I were to really leave , I 'd be really reluctant 
Hoho 
Haha 
Whatever I do I do n't want to be an official 
There can definitely be a position for you . It just depends on whether or not you 're willing to go 
Director Lu said to let me compete to go to the store 
Would n’t you say the time at the store is so long 
My home is also far away 
What time would it be by the time I get off work and arrive home ? 
I 'm considering this [ factor | piece ] . Moreover my mother - in - law wo n't be happy either 
Working so late each day that I ca n't even see my child 
Yeah 
Besides there are already two people in the store now 
If I go there as well , there 'll be too many 
You ca n't do other things like finance either 
You can work in the Administrative Department 
What other positions are there ? You see Peng Qing is here too 
When the time comes , if Business Promotion were to retain one , there would n’t be a replacement person even if an issue arises 
It 's not recruitment . It 's competition for employment 
There needs to be two people anyhow 
What do you say ? 
I feel Business and Customer Service needs two people , regardless 
Competition for employment , 
If they all want to work in this position , then they have to compete 
Right 
Many 
All positions 
All positions 
Including general manager 
New Year is around the corner , it ’d be best if we do n’t have to work . Wait till after the New Year to get a job 
Who wants you to go ? 
Just that one person will be retained for Business Promotion and Customer Service each 
I have n’t heard that the store is changing to double - shifts now . Perhaps it could , after the New Year 
I can understand you 
There are two people for Business and Customer Service , one in Business Promotion responsible for online communications , the other is responsible for receiving orders 
Then only one among the three of us is staying to do Business and Customer Service , right ? 
It 's Zhang Min , right ? 
Hoho 
Are there any other new positions ? 
New 
Dear 
Sigh 
It ’s really [ a headache | big head ] 
Really sad 
Hoho 
Right 
Copywriter , probably 
Wait another two days . I will announce it after I have sorted it out 
Everything is unconfirmed now , and not easy to confirm at this time 
Manager Chen , how much wages can be collected from the store now ? 
Yeah 
Manager Chen , take a look 
This website , my neighbor 's family is engaged in this industry 
Semi-manufactured goods processing 
Earned money too 
Hoho 
I 'm really not clear on this 
I do n't pay the wages 
It has everything 
Yes 
What they do are famous brands too 
This boss has opened three factories 
He 's very good at doing this business 
Recruiting people to work 
For others to receive 
Down - filled garments 
Customized 
Is Little Mei there ? 
[ I 'm here | zai ] ? 
Ce~~~ 
Great . Do you have such book as Communication Theory ? 
I need FSK 's BER formula 
I =do n't have 
........ 
Let me search for it on the Internet 
I ca n't find this formula on Google 
Wait a minute . Let me check 
Ce 
Are you looking for the bit error rate or signal noise ratio ? 
The total error rate of 2FSK coherent demodulation is 
I was on the phone just now 
Dear , it 's so late , why are n't you asleep ? 
I 'm helping someone photoshop wedding dress photos 
That damn Zhong Wenqi sent me her friend 's friend 's wedding photos to photoshop without my approval , 11 photos 
The thing is that girl is really fat , so I have to make her thinner , I think she should get plastic surgery , she even said she does n't want those shadows from the sunlight , she really has no artistic sense 
Then you have to do a good job , you 're in charge of saving face for your man 
Haha 
She also said to make the fat , dark one thin and light 
You know how to make them thinner ? So amazing dear 
I photoshopped them for two days , I just finished , and am sending , the Internet is so slow 
What are you doing now dear ? 
Reading , I had a late breakfast , so I still have n't eaten lunch 
Great 
In a minute when my roommate comes back she and I will go to another person 's house to look at a couch 
Thinking of those college days 
Haha , you 're working tomorrow , ca n't you send the photos after you 're back at the company ? 
You should say you just got back to the company yesterday , you have n't set up your new computer yet 
I ca n't , and they want them now 
Oh 
It makes me so angry , I finished the photoshop first , then settled with them , I 'm going to get him 
Your man already sees you as a private asset 
Haha 
I 'm going out . Sleep soon 
Yea 
Be patient 
Bye 
Have more fun 
Are you there ? 
Hello 
Ah 
What are you busy with ? 
Doing experiments 
What are you doing ? 
I am idle 
How about you ? 
I 'm doing experiments and just sat here 
Ah 
So you 're quite busy 
How about your son ? 
Have you had supper ? 
No. Where have you been ? 
I am at my grandfather 's house for supper ... 
Oh 
When do you come back ? 
Do you need me to bring anything to you ? I am in Xigong 
Oh , let me see 
Uh-huh 
I do n't need you to bring anything .. 
...... 
I need steamed buns .. Do you see any near you ? 
I do n't know if the shop opposite to the station is still open . I will go to have a look for you . What do you want ? 
Steamed buns .. 
What ? Nothing but steamed buns ? How many ? 
3 , maybe .. 
ok 
Thank you .. If there is n't any .. Please buy four buns at the back of the school 
Where is it at the back of the school ? 
It 's Zaoyang Road .. The place opposite to where you get off cars 
What flavors of buns do you want ? 
Two with silk noodles and two with preserved mustard greens . If there are no silk noodle ones , buy two vegetable buns 
ok , so it definitely is open , right ? 
I suppose so .. But please buy steamed buns first . If there is n't any , then buy buns .. 
OK 
Thank you 
Uh-huh 
Are you going to America soon ? 
I 'm leaving at the end of the month 
Still working at such a late hour ? 
I am browsing the Internet 
What are you going to do with your students ? 
Give them tasks and let them do them 
Good 
What are you busy with ? 
Messing about ! 
Are you going abroad soon ? 
Have you started to purchase equipment and whatnot ? 
Yes 
Pretty soon , about the end of this month 
It is not easy to recruit people 
What is the remuneration ? 
Just got two with master 's degrees from South China University of Technology 
You yourself give salaries to the master 's degree holders ? 
Yes 
At work ? 
Hehe 
Yes 
You have also learned to misbehave 
Why ? 
Reading posts without posting anything 
Withdrawing from the group 
Sigh 
I 'm a bit vexed recently 
What happened ? 
I withdrew from the group in order to adjust myself better 
Please understand 
I have told the class monitor that I would definitely join again after some time 
Did someone bully you ? 
No 
That 's good 
Haha 
Sorry 
Understand 
Even a few days ago , I was talking to you about Wang # # , and did n't expect you to withdraw as well 
I 'm in a bad mood , and I do n't want to affect the atmosphere in the group 
So , I withdrew temporarily 
You can stay invisible without saying anything 
Let 's not talk about that . Anyway , you have promised to come back later 
I 'll join again after some time 
Rest assured 
Whatever it is , just relax . I 'm also frustrated to death this semester 
I 'm making a fuss over nothing 
Hehe 
Making a fuss over nothing is also annoying 
I should spank your [ butt | pp ] 
Yes , you should 
I am putting myself into a dead end 
You 're living too comfortably 
Not like us who are suffering out there 
Sigh 
Looking for trouble 
I 'm also suffering 
If you are looking , you can stop looking 
The key thing is that I went into it 
and ca n't get out 
What is it ? Work or life ? 
Both 
In life , the husband and wife relationship must be managed properly , the two people must be united 
All human beings born to this world are looking for trouble , hehe 
So there 's no meaning in life 
How can you say that ? 
Look at how adorable your two sons are . How can it be meaningless ? 
My biggest regret this lifetime is not to have more than two kids [ emoticon ] 
Forget it 
They will torture you to death 
Families with one kid are too fragile 
I 'm also frustrated to death this semester , I almost went home with my wife to make babies [ emoticon ] 
School is the happiest 
Corrupt 
Schools are corrupt too 
You 're not in one , so you do n't know 
Take a look at others , you should be contented [ emoticon ] 
I 've said that I 'm making a fuss over nothing 
I should be contented 
There is also nothing to worry about 
Looking for trouble 
Then stop looking 
I 'm invisible now 
Many people are asking me 
I still have to worry about putting food on the table [ emoticon ] 
Hehe 
I ’ve been wanting some quiet time 
It ’s nothing 
Oh 
As soon as you left the group became much quieter ! 
No , really ? 
Hehe 
Yes 
No - one ’s said anything for days 
Xiao Yan has left the group as well 
Oh 
The atmosphere has been ruined .
I had a reason 
What was up with Xiao Yan ? 
Do n’t know 
I wanted some quiet time 
Last time I saw them leave some messages 
I had to deal with some things of my own 
Oh 
When will you come back ? 
Plus those two were always harassing me 
And yet they dare to tell me so 
Hehe 
Oh , I see 
You should say something to them 
It does n’t matter 
I ’ll rejoin in a while when I sort myself out 
Do n’t say anything in the group , Yuxiang 
Mm , I understand .
I ’ll have some quiet time then rejoin 
Thanks for the understanding 
Hehe 
Has Tutu had her operation ? 
She ’s going into hospital tomorrow for some tests . If she ’s normal , she ’ll have the operation on Thursday .
Happy birthday , my dear friend ! 
Thank you ! 
I ’m very happy that you are in my life 
You being in a corner of the world makes my heart warm 
I ’m happy too .
I ’m at work all today ; Tuesday to Friday I ’m taking a leave 
Beijing ’s very cold , do n’t freeze .
Next week I may have to take more holiday 
Thank you ! My heart feels warmer because of you 
Tutu is the most important , put aside work for a while .
Yes , work is only until you ’re 60 , Tutu is a worry for life 
Can anyone in your family help ? 
No , it ’s me and — ———. ———— was going to go on a trip for work , but he ’s put it off 
But he has to go on a trip in a week ’s time . He ’s going to Europe for 10 days 
That ’s tough for you 
I ’ll just put my head down and get through it . We ’re both in similar situations , it ’s tough for both of us 
I have to go on a trip for work for a week next week .
What will you do about Niuniu ? Will her dad take time off work ? 
Niuniu will go to nursery . =Her dad can take her and pick her up and look after her .
That ’ll be hard 
It will be easier when the child ’s a bit more grown 
Last time I went away for ten days and =her dad got through it , no problem .
Good luck 
Good luck to both of us , let ’s do it together , let ’s get these children raised as soon as possible [ smiley ] 
Haha 
I ’m going to fold some clothes . Take care of yourself . Good luck to Tutu .
Manager Liu asked for leave because his wife has given birth 
He can not come today 
You need to notify other people , then 
=OK 
Are you over here ? 
Not yet 
I 'll come over at the beginning of December 
Hehe , oh -- have you booked the plane ticket ? 
Not yet 
Are you afraid of hurricanes ? 
At the moment , I have n't decided on a time yet 
Yes , really terrifying 
When did you go back to Canada ? 
I went back and stayed in China only for two weeks , all in a hurry 
There is sometimes heavy snowfall in the east in the winter , so when the time =comes , take a little bit more care of yourself 
Oh , I 'll contact you when I get there 
OK 
Hehe , OK . Take care . Get on with your work ! 
ok 
I actually bumped into a petty individual recently 
What do you mean ? 
I mean , when there 's a problem at work , the other person is talking through his hat and just talking rubbish everywhere when failing to find any reason 
This problem is widespread nowadays . You should adopt a calm approach and handle things properly . Relatively speaking , technology companies like ours are a little better , but you will bump into them all the same 
Uh-huh , I really ca n't bear it 
Take things easy 
Are you generally busy at work ? 
Yes , it 's at the end of the year now 
Um , more or less . Recently , I 've also been working on data , and doing things related to acceptance inspections ! 
Are you from Henan as well ? 
Yes 
I 'm from Kaifeng . How about you ? 
Brother Ming ! 
I 've finally found the organization ! 
What 's you qq number ? I 'll add you 
I added it 
Take a look at it 
Brother Ming ! 
Are you all right ? 
Are n't you busy today ? 
I 'm okay . I 'm quite busy .
Oh 
It 's good to be busy 
Are you still in the Administration of Sports ? 
Yeah 
Ugh 
I ca n't get busy even when I want to get busy 
Are there any good projects to work on ? 
Which one are you working at ? 
The one in the North 
Qinghebei Road 
Temporarily not . Does our class have a chat group ? 
Temporarily not .
Ha ha 
Who do you keep in close touch with ? 
Very seldom 
Everyone is busy with their career 
Oh 
Are you still at Jinfurong ? 
Yeah 
You must have been promoted to store manager , right ? 
Do you do medicine now , General Manager Zhang ? 
Who are you ? 
I 'm Wang Qiuguang ! Ugh , I feel so bad 
I do n't do medicine . I do packaging 
Oh , I thought you were doing medicine 
How old is your kid ? 
Just two months 
Do you have any medicine projects which need cooperation ? I can do some 
I have a player whose parents do medicine 
Sister 
Are you there ? 
I am 
What 's up ? 
Has the US been affected by the typhoon ? 
It 's OK 
It has n't had a big impact where we are 
Oh . That 's OK then . Have n't you gone to bed yet ? 
It 's =only 10 o'clock where we are 
Oh ~~ 
Are you there ? Are you there ? 
I 'm here 
What kind of stores have you opened before ? What kind of store do you run now ? 
Heh heh heh , it really is 
I just run a pool hall and a network company 
How is your pool hall ? Is it a big one or a small one ? Is it easy to earn money ? 
Please advise 
Are n't you going to do hotels ? 
I invested 270 thousand in total in the pool hall 
About hotels , when I was doing analysis , I was thinking that I have to run a franchise , otherwise the supply of customers ca n't be guaranteed 
Up to now the profits have been about 200 thousand , but they were all invested back into it again 
A franchise is too expensive . You ca n't do it if you do n't have 3 to 5 million 
We do n't have the strength yet 
I opened it in October 2010 
Ah 
Near a school 
It 's pretty good that you made 200 thousand in 2 years 
It 's a small hotel 
The prices of small hotels are too low - about 30 
It 's net profit . I have n't calculated the specific number 
But the profit reinvestment in the pool hall is too =much 
Do you run it yourself =or are you franchised ? 
I run it myself 
In Qingzhou 
You run it yourself and invested [ 270,000 | 27w ] - that 's quite a lot 
In Jinan , there are not many franchised ones , are n't there ? 
It 's not bad . My place has nearly 300 square meters 
How much is your rent ? 
Less than 50,000 a year 
Is it in a residential area or commercial area ? 
Commercial area 
The rent is so low ! That kind of rent is not easy to find 
It 's in the center of Qingzhou city 
Right 
The expenses are just too high in Jinan 
Back then I just felt I 
What do you think of that franchised one ? 
The connections over Qingzhou are not bad 
Is yours high - end or normal people ? 
It might be considered high - end 
Normal pool tables are Yalin 's 
I think being franchised is no better than opening it by yourself 
At first , the initial fee is quite a lot 
I wo n't understand things well if I open it by myself 
Moreover , the pool tables that they buy are not good enough 
I 
What brands would you recommend ? 
Yalin 's 
5000 ? 
That 's about right 
Use bridge pool for the better ones 
How many square meters and how many tables at your place ? 
Do you have private rooms ? 
There are no private rooms 
Are there beautiful women to accompany people to play ? 
300 square meters and 11 tables 
How many people did you hire ? 
Just two people 
My junior fellow apprentice is there 
I basically do n't go there now 
Then you 're saving yourself some worry 
Do you think it 's easy to run a pool hall ? 
Ugh , that does n't save much worry . I , Xuanang , just do things by myself 
I do n't have any ideas 
It 's quite tiring to run a pool hall 
It 's okay if you find somebody reliable 
You have to be open until one or two o'clock in the morning in Qingzhou 
I bet it would be even later in Jinan 
How is the beverage sales ? 
Not bad 
I do n't have leisure consumption items 
What 's leisure consumption ? 
Is bringing your own beverage allowed ? 
Sometimes there is pool gambling 
There are no rules . The guests usually do n't bring things themselves 
Who would bring a beverage when going to play pool ? 
What 's leisure consumption ? 
Heh heh heh . It means so - called beautiful people who accompanying the players and so - called color services , just like what you said 
Is n't it called color services ? They say that is very profitable . I do n't know whether it means that the beautiful women are profitable or the pool hall is profitable 
I have something to do . You make some investigations first 
Take your time 
Go take care of stuff 
I still do [ not | wood ] have any directions , 2Zhan 
Where is my first pot of gold ? 
Does n't medicine work ? 
[ image ] How did you know I would go on a long business trip ? 
I have n't tried yet 
But people say it wo n't be OK . Supervision in large hospitals is very strict now 
Why ? 
I have n't specifically tried it yet 
I 'm planning to find a classmate who works in a hospital to closely inquire about it 
My concept of my first pot of gold is that if I ca n't get rich quick , then safety first 
I bet there are n't any projects with which you can get rich quick , except for robbing the banks 
Why not ? 
Who in telecommunications , real estate , or schools did n't get rich quick ? 
I have to analyze it with regard to my current situation 
Which one can I do ? 
Connections 
It 's mainly because that I do n't know much about your situation 
I 'm just a poor civil servant 
The main thing is that I do n't know in which areas your connections are 
It would be the best if one could know a little bit about the first job you do 
Sports or hospitals 
Sending lunch boxes to and nursing in hospitals are very profitable . Are you interested ? 
I 'm quite interested in what you said last time , delivering diapers and formulas in baby centers , 
What I know is Redbaby and Beingmate 
I know Beingmate 
There seems to be a Heshengyuanji . I ca n't remember clearly . They are all franchised 
But is it easy to get into hospitals now ? 
That has nothing to do with hospitals 
It 's just distributing materials in front of departments of gynecology and obstetrics 
You can earn money from kids from newborn to 6 years old 
I actually thought about opening an infant supplies store . But Yingbeier here was booming when I was investigating this project 
You can think about doing a combination of infant supplies and infant photos 
What you mentioned , a pool hall , is that profitable ? 
Where would it be it appropriate to open one ? 
In residential areas , downtown , or on restaurant streets 
The level should n't be so high , then 
Why ? 
http://www.qdl147.com/fendian.asp Take a look at this . Its positioning is relatively high - end , and seems to open in high - end commercial districts 
I think that 's very cool 
But I always have an image of bad kids when I hear about playing pool 
If I open a pool hall now , would most customers it 's for be the 90s generation ? 
[ image ] the 00s generation too 
Ding Junhui is also a bad kid then 
(( 8 and 9Q are on )) one table 
Which one is better , opening one by oneself or running a franchised one ? 
A franchised one saves a lot of trouble 
Do you know the education field well ? Is it profitable ? 
For example , early education or children 's English 
I 'm not very familiar with that 
But I know that kids ' and women 's money is the easiest to earn 
[ image ] Ada , I 'm on a business trip . Stay online for a while if you can - if you ca n't stay online , forget it 
District Chief Chen , are you there ? 
Is something the matter ? 
Send it to me then .
Hoho , I was getting ready to call you . It 's about that interview . I did some work on it , and wanted to show it to you for some guidance 
Will you be at the office tomorrow morning ? 
Yes . Let 's discuss this interview tomorrow morning then .
I 'm looking at it now .
Okay 
I 'll go look for you tomorrow morning then 
The spaces are a little long , does it require such large spaces ? 
Text has to be reduced in size 
(( OK ? )) 
I 'll have a look on the computer when I am back home 
My USB drive has been infected with a virus . The folders have all been hidden and ca n't be displayed . I have a back - up on my iPad , but it 's been borrowed for the moment by a classmate 
I 'll forward it to you when she gets back 
Are you there ? 
Go receive it !!! 
So what this means is that our midterm exams are conducted according to TOEFL specifications … 
I 'm falling apart ... 
I only got 7.5 in the IELTS for reading= =. .
I do n't know . The proper TOEFL , with a test on top = = 
These are the mid-terms . I 'm in tears = =. .
We do n't even know what we 're being examined on 
We 've got a phonetics test tomorrow , and the day after tomorrow we 're being examined on listening and speaking 
Next Wednesday , it 's intensive reading , and the Tuesday after next it 's extensive reading ! 
Nankai does n't have any mid-term exams ... But they 've added mid-term exams for physical education , college computer foundation , and extensive reading ... 
... 
I 'm about to cry -- our extensive reading teacher is a big god= =. .
Yes , there will still be a test of 50 m tomorrow 
It 's an ibt , right ? 
It was originally a pbt paper - based test 
I think it will be hard for me to pass extensive reading ... 
My vocabulary is totally insufficient ... 
Ours are still rather inferior = = 
I 've gone and paid my respect to your teaching materials 
= =. .
They 're actually quite okay ... The problem is the teacher is a pervert 
Yes = = 20 min . =per article 
Actually , you do n't need to read the article 
It 's just like fast reading 
It 's a quiz of 40 questions , is n't it ? 
In the last one , it 's three choices out of 6 answers , you need to understand the gist of each paragraph 
I think it 's forty . Anyway , there are 12 - 14 on each passage 
How many do you normally get correct ? = =. .
For each passage , 1 ~2 = = 
wrong = = 
If I estimate it roughly like that , I ca n't even get 80 in the mid-term exams = =. .
Hi 
In which place in Jinan is your store ? 
Hi , on Beitan Street – Rong 's Chestnuts 
Do you know it ? 
What number bus goes there ? 
Look for " Shihong Business Center " on a map on baidu . com 
It 's in that compound 
Which stop should I get off the 118 ? 
Oh 
Get off at Beitan Street 
Oh 
When you get off , you 'll be at the intersection by the traffic lights 
From that intersection go north 50 meters to Shihong Business Center , which is a large compound 
It 's 4 - 205 in that compound , contact cellphone : 156 9231 1158 
Come whenever you like , and just call me ! 
OK ! 
How about the weekend ? [ emoticon ] 
Saturday or Sunday ? 
There 's generally a bike - riding event on on Sundays 
Oh 
OK 
In that case , I 'll do my best to come on Saturday 
The QQ group number of our bike club is 212825612 
OK 
Join our group , and let 's go on bike rides together 
Hehe 
There 's no way I can , as I 'm in Dongying . I only go back to Jinan on weekends ! 
Never mind , hehe 
Keep your grade book ’s cover for me 
Ok , it ’s all here . Just ask me for it 
Mo Lu asked me for it too . I did n’t save it . Haijin might have it 
Do you have the dance video of the performance in Bureau I ? 
Is it an HD version ? 
Is it the performance version or rehearsal version ? 
I got it 
Send it quickly 
The whole performance ? 
Is n’t it only a part of our performance ? 
The whole performance . It ’s super-clear 
Damn it . I ’ve provided more for him to download , and I have n’t asked him for the copyright 
I asked Shi Cheng for it . He asked you for a treat , for the copyright fee 
The whole performance 
Your butt 's itching again , right ? 
Fuck off ! 
Hurts so damn much now 
Hehe 
You deserve it ! 
Let me massage it for you ! 
Fuck off ! 
That 's outright seduction 
Recommend a film for me to watch 
A porn film ? 
I 'm a good =kiddy 
Screw you 
You 're so dirty 
It 's hard to see 
Hehe 
I have to think like that because it 's you ! 
What film ? 
What do you mean ? 
Senior Sister , I want to find some winter field work 
ihouse is n't possible again 
What channels are usually pretty good ? 
Or when will your place there be recruiting ? 
I ’m so anxious 
I have to go out to class . I 'll come back and tell you in the evening 
Okay 
Senior Sister 
It 's ok as long as you have time 
Senior Sister ! 
Are you there ? 
It 's like this . Why do you want to do fieldwork next semester ? 
If possible 
Just do it first 
It 's usually always done in the third semester 
It 's plan like this 
Sigh sigh , but I have placed no hopes on it . I ’m just trying now 
It feels like there 's no way to do it 
I ’m preparing first 
So it still feels quite frustrating 
I just got disconnected . Because next semester everyone in our graduating class has to study the seminar . So many site have our people from this graduating class 
I do n't know which places you 've found 
Oh , oh 
That 's good then 
ihouse 
ihouse will actually be promising 
I sent it 
He said they do n't have winter ones anymore ... 
Because next semester 's seminar can only teach English , now the seats for teaching Chinese will become vacant 
Also the china learning center 
Yeah , yeah . I asked the Chinese one 
I only asked the Chinese ones 
In the end , there was nothing 
So 
Yeah . I 'm at ihouse 
Sigh sigh 
Oh , oh , Senior Sister . You 're at ihouse ? 
Yes 
I asked . He said there already are n't any winter ones 》 .
Uh huh , yes 
I do n't know what happened 
They just chose like this 
I asked before 
She told me to send it this month 
I sent it a few days later 
Then nothing 
We have a total of 4 people at ihouse from this graduating class 
I really wish I could get in there 
I do n't know if the other three people will continue to teach next semester 
You will ? 
The three of them are all doing fieldwork here 
Oh , oh 
But I 'm doing it at a different place 
So I 'll possibly continue 
How did you find it ? 
Because I have an English teaching site 
Oh , oh . Very nice . I 'll wait and see if it 's possible in May next year 
ihouse 's Chinese 
Uh huh , yes 
Oh , oh , Senior Sister . How did you find it ? 
I sent in an application during the time when I just arrived , but there were n’t any for the first semester . Afterward I did n't pay attention to it . In the end , barbara came to find me herself , asked me if I could teach . I said that 'd be alright 
Oh , oh . That 's how it was 
How about that English one ? 
I guess they found an old person for winter then 
No new people 
I was teaching the English one all through the summer break 
I had two site during the summer break , but I was too busy this semester and cut one 
I ’m just teaching one now 
Wow , wow 
Senior Sister 
You can find so many 
I absolutely have no such ways of doing things 
I do n't know where to go 
penn tell gave you many contact methods ; which ones have you tried ? 
NSC is one . It ’s very large 
Oh , oh 
That one 
I have n't tried it 
Which one have you gone to ? 
=Yours must all also be on penntell , right ? 
Uh huh , yes . I went to a temple university program in South Philadelphia 
That 's how it was 
I 'll try penntell more then 
They also have a site at nsc 
Then ihouse . Always keep an eye on it 
Go apply at nsc too 
It can =only be done this way , right ? 
But it 's all full now , because they also have temple students doing their internships 
Actually I 'm first year too 
Not in a hurry 
I just want to ask for more advice 
See what the situation is 
Yes . We have others in this graduating class that ca n't find any 
So you do n't need to worry too much 
That 's why I say 
I want to know 
Why are you so strong , Senior Sister ? 
Other people ca n't find any 
You can have so many 
So I want to ask for advice 
Ugh , that 's not what I meant 
My luck is pretty good 
Haha . That 's what I mean 
So I want to ask for advice 
I have n't applied to nsc 
It 's like this . You have to research well what kind of students you want to teach 
Adults 
The student group is different at every site 
18+ 
You 're the same as me 
However , it 's best to be able to have a site first 
I was at UCAL the first semester 
But they were all kids 
I think I 'm better suited for teaching adults . So I just looked for others 
Haha 
Yes 
Circle all the ones you want to go to on that list . Then send an email to ask 
okay 
But I feel 
it 's most important first 
you still have to 
have a place for it to be okay 
Then write them a letter to recommend yourself 
Right 
I just wrote several 
Then they were all full 
Many people wrote to all of them 
Still no place wanted them 
Haha 
Because they 're all full now , it 's all those from this graduating class of ours . Also those that came in spring 2012 
Yeah 
Okay . I wo n't worry at first 
I just want to learn more =from you 
I remember that a while ago penny 
sent in to some place 
apparently it was not on the list 
I do n't know if you noticed it or not 
I did n't 
Because I still ca n't do it this semester 
If you want to choose fieldwork next semester that 's okay too , but you have to take it together with sociallinguistic 
We had some people from this graduating class choose fieldwork in the second semester 
Yes 
That 's just what I was thinking 
They sent in several 
None worked out 
But the majority were still chosen for the third semester 
So I want to ask for advice 
Cast a wide net , wait patiently , be steadfast in your studies . This is all I can say 
Haha 
Yes 
I am indeed studying now 
Not =only studying what is in the textbooks 
Ugh . Hope you wo n't think I 'm too dogmatic 
I wo n't 
It really has returns 
Thanks a lot , Senior Sister 
Sorry for the trouble , Senior Sister . I ’m taking up your precious time 
I know you 're studying and teaching , and very busy 
Yes . I chose hornberger 's class this semester 
So ... 
But the hardest time has already passed . I feel like my limits have also increased 
In fact , relatively speaking 
the first semester 
is very relaxed 
Depending on how you choose classes 
There were also some people who chose relaxing classes . So they were much more relaxed than me 
Was your first semester very tense too ? 
I think no semester is physically leisurely , but each semester is more cognitively and psychologically demanding than the last 
But the second year is really very different from the first year 
Apart from attending class in the first semester 
What else takes up time ? 
Whether the class content or the classes you attend outside on your own , both have qualitative changes 
Yeah , yeah 
Doing an outside internship , tutor 
Oh , oh 
I do two tutor 
But it feels alright 
Yeah 
A Chinese tutor 
And an English one 
I still want to spend time 
Experiencing American social life 
So , it feels alright 
I tutor in three places in the first semester . This was on weekdays . There was also one on the weekends 
Your arranging things like this is also very good 
It certainly should 
Wow , wow 
Then go traveling everywhere during the vacation 
Three tutor 
Were they all free ? 
ucal , penn subsidiary elementary , lee elementary 
They 're all free 
Oh , oh 
Okay 
I have to learn from you too 
Thanks a lot , Senior Sister . I wo n't take up more of your time 
I 'm very sorry 
I still have to ask you for advice later 
Haha . I believe you 're very awesome too . You 're always very modest 
I realize now the previous test was alright 
There is a lot I need to learn 
But learning and seeking advice more from [ great | ox ] people is also a kind of awesomeness 
This is the way to become really awesome 
In fact , here it 's really how you treat yourself 
Awesomeness is n't innate 
Just like a classmate I have . =Always complains that the teacher is too ruthless and gives very low grades , saying since this many people are enrolled you know what everyone 's level is . Do n't have demands that are too high 
Some of my grades are also low , but I think it 's what I deserved 
If you treat yourself this way , the tuition will really [ go to waste | skim across the water ] 
Thinking like that classmate is just looking down upon yourself 
Feeling that you can only be at that level , and not thinking that although this teacher is ruthless , if you force yourself you 'll make great progress 
Yes 
Senior Sister , this is really well said 
Yeah . Haha . So I think it 's really an attitude problem . At a school like penn , attitude makes the difference 
Heh heh . I 'm starting to become dogmatic again . Sometimes it 's just easy to be unable to restrain my emotions . There are inevitably classmates complaining to me 
I still have a long way to go 
So everyone learn from each other 
Haha . I 've really benefited from the advice 
I wrote a personal statement . Can you help me have a look ? 
Can you help me revise it ? 
You must be sleeping now - I do n't know when you will be on QQ again ... If you are online , please leave a message to me , OK ? 
[ emoticon ] Thank you 
I 'm sorry .
I am usually online at 9 o'clock in the evening Beijing time .
Do you mean in the evening ? 
Yes . I was busy this morning .
You can send your stuff to me .
Oh , oh , it 's OK ... It 's already after one o'clock in the midnight here 
Um , um 
I will revise it myself first 
And then let me send you through QQ offline transfer , OK ? 
Yes ? OK .
[ emoticon ] Haha , thank you very much 
I really miss the days in Wuhan University ... 
You 're welcome 
Come back to visit when you have time .
[ emoticon ] This place really [ sucks | cheats fathers ] 
I have been wanting to go back long ago 
Resettlement in a foreign countryside 
Ah >> ? 
What is the meaning of resettlement in a foreign countryside ? 
The Up to the Mountains and Down to the Countryside Movement used to trigger huge " waves " in the land of China .
In that era , young intellectuals were sent to the countryside , which was called resettlement in the countryside .
Circumstances have changed with the passage of =time . Since the reform and opening up , a large flock of students have begun their study and work life in foreign countries .
For these people , it was aptly called " resettlement in a foreign countryside . " 
....... 
People used to resettle down in the countryside . When you go abroad to a tough environment , is n't it resettlement in a foreign countryside ? 
[ emoticon ] Alas .. I feel ashamed~ 
Ho ho 
You will be successful after you come back .
Hi , nathan . I have finished revising 
OK . Do you want it urgently ? 
[ emoticon ] I have been writing this stuff for about half a month .. 
Um , um , it 's okay 
It is just very nerve - racking ... 
OK . I will show it to you this evening . I will send it through offline file transfer by then .
[ emoticon ] I ca n't thank you more~~ 
By the way , which year do you teach ? 
Sophomore in Aberdeen . I will go next year .
When you revise it for me , if you think that you have to delete or edit something , please do it boldly and resolutely~ I have a backup here 
OK 
Um , um~ I did n't expect that it was already a full circle .. 
It is sophomore in Aberdeen again~~ 
Yes .
How time flies ! Just a click , and it has been almost four years 
Yes .
Go ahead with your business then 
OK 
I will chat with you later when you have time 
I really have had some feelings for the past years .. 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
[ emoticon ] I am going to sleep 
It 's two o'clock at night 
OK 
I have made some revisions for your reference .
Shuying , do you want to go on the Caribbean cruise ? It 's super cheap 
It 's on December 10 . I would like to find a companion to go with 
I 'm not sure when I will have finished all my work by then . I need to mark the final exam papers , but now the teacher has not mentioned when the exam will begin .
I am very interested in it . How much does it cost for a journey to and fro ? 
I checked the plane tickets . It is less than 200 to and fro , and around 250 for the cruise 
That is indeed a great price [ emoticon ] , but the only concern is that I am still not sure about the time . You can find other classmates and ask them 
Well . What a pity 
Yes . How are you recently ? 
Just fine . Study is exhausting . How about you ? 
I am also fine . I have not been very busy in the past few days , but I will get busy from next week 
Alas . It 's really not easy 
I 'm off work . The market prices are killing me .
Yea 
Did you sell your stock ? 
No 
Qiu Shaoyun burned to death 
My stocks go down every day . [ expression ] 
We 're both in the same boat 
There 's also the damn 18th Party Congress stability maintenance market prices . Crap .
Every day of the meeting it falls painfully 
Today 002006 fell a lot .
After dying it never came back to life 
Yea , it never was good . As long as they have the meeting they will let their anger out on the stock investors .
The organization is n't bullish on the stock market 
What can we do , I 'm worried to death .
I 'm afraid they 'll hold the meeting and come up with another new trick , make an example of them 
My 757 is nothing more than a damn stinking pile of dog crap .
Did Yuan Zheng leave ? 
Each time they want to take out a chunk of flesh , then they ca n't make up their mind , and the result is it keeps falling .
In Shanghai . He did n't contact me .
After the meeting is over and the policies are clear it might choose a direction 
There 's no hope . There 's no hope in these people .
His stocks must have died 
Going downhill 
Yuan Zheng ? His stocks are like mine . I do n't know if they appeared .
Early shift this week ? 
I only have scraps for my stocks 
Yea 
Is Sany Heavy Machinery still there ? 
I have something to do , I 'll be back a little later 
It was good when it first appeared .
Did n't move 
Flies are also flesh . This society is too corrupt .
It got free of the trap and was trapped to death before it could run 
Yea , it 's not bad to make a little bit .
Nothing to say [ expression ] 
It was a mistake to get in the stock market .
Addicted 
It 's like doing drugs . I really did n't think it would be like this .
When will the liberation army arrive ? 
There 's no way out . There 's no hope . I can only make my money back if it goes up many times . How is that possible ? 
Have you heard from Achen lately ? 
The hope Yuanzheng gave us probably fell 50 % . I really believed his damn =crap .
He 's never online . I do n't know what he 's busy doing . His stocks have been very solid during this time .
Do n't fail to believe in yourself 
Really ? 
What stocks ? 
The result of persisting is that I have less money in my account .
600757 
I 'm afraid I 'll collapse 
Achen's ? 
On May first they passed 9 kuai and neared 10 yuan , that company 's boss invited him to eat and said that after May first it would reach 12 yuan . Now it 's only over 6 yuan .
Achen 's 600070 did very well a while ago .
This was an expensive meal 
Yea , it 's dangerous again now 
He 's also a victim 
Yea , goes down every day . A damned banker .
Yea , he really bought it all up .
The country is talking about how it has money every day , it 's all the damned blood money from stock investors 
I want to exchange a chunk of flesh for stocks a lot of the time , but I 'm afraid I 'll be beaten again , so I 'm just going along with the terrible losses .
So without a trustworthy zf , who dares believe them ? 
The money depreciates in the bank , and it 's gone after buying stocks 
Tongqing [ picture ] 
It 's no use , life does n't even give use hope 
What have you been up to lately ? 
Those people are still there talking about some great achievements . Bunch of nonsense .
I have to go to a meeting in Jingzhou District tomorrow . I ca n't go back to Wuhan .
Then you still ca n't rest 
The stock market killed any mood I had . Depressed .
Try your best not to check it 
The stock market is the devil 
That 's why I say it 's a drug , you ca n't keep thinking about it , it will annoy you . I do n't know what to do .
If I knew before how much the stock market tortures you , I really would n't have gotten in .
Regret it ? [ picture ] 
Investment mistake 
It 's not good to keep it in all the time without release . [ picture ] 
[ expression ] Vicious with every cut 
China ca n't get into a fight now . There are too many people with this kind of attitude .
China only has spankings 
There 's no hope for making money from the meeting , but that 's not the reason it 's falling like this . Damnit 
One word summary : terrible .
Fighting is n't OK , boasting is 
Now the bankers ' trick is to not give you a channel for investment , so you have to go to the stock market , then they fight to draw your blood in the stock market . Outsiders .
Egg Wen will be gone in a few days . See if it will be better then .
Sigh , this is a blood - sucking society , it will be the same later 
So I say there 's no hope in sight .
My son is coming back today to eat homemade dumplings , I 'm going to help 
Is Kunkun back ? 
Kunkun comes back around 6 o'clock 
Mainly just making some 
OK . That 's a happy thing .
You go . You have to get ready .
OK [ expression ] [ picture ] 
No other way 
It 's a lot easier to buy dumpling wrappers . It 's a hassle to roll them yourself .
I already got the flour 
Some are a pain .
[ picture ] I always pour out my troubles on my good friends , sorry .
I really like chatting with you [ picture ] 
I have time next week in the morning 
Ce Ce~~ How are you doing today ? 
It 's boring here . How about you ? 
Just OK~~ Perhaps a bit more interesting~~ I go to and from work every day~ And I dine out with Hao Zhi , Lei Tian and Jia Shuo when we are free~~ 
Have you adapted yourself there ? Are you far from Wei Gonggong ? 
Very far . I have not adapted very well 
Language is a big problem 
Then you can teach them Chinese~ and promote the Chinese culture~~ Haha 
It is like one of the East and one of the West~ 
Take your time~~ A few months later~ you will even feel uncomfortable if you do n't listen to English and do n't speak English~ 
Handsome Gui 
I ’m here , Sir Li 
Have n’t you gone to bed yet ? 
No. I ’m shopping online to see if there is anything cheap 
Why have n’t you gone to bed ? 
Is there any cheap stuff ? 
I did n’t see anything particularly cheap . Everything ’s 50 % off 
Still quite expensive 
Oh , I was planning to go take a look 
I guess the prices wo n’t be cheap 
Ha ha , will you take tomorrow off ? 
I ’ll take a rest . I ’m almost disabled today 
Yeah , nothing is that cheap . No temptation 
What ’s up ? What are you doing ? 
With whom ? 
Zhang Heng and Xiong .
Damn . You guys drank again . Awesome 
Huh , I got sick of drinking beer yesterday 
Xiong asked me to drink beer again today 
Huh 
How much did you drink , to make you like this ? 
Did you drink again ? 
Yeah 
I drank at a KTV yesterday 
I was eating today 
You certainly wo n’t be missed when you come back for Chinese New Year 
How can we forget you ? 
Okay , I ’m waiting 
I ’ll go to bed first . I ’m really sleepy 
Zhang Heng drank a lot of beer tonight too 
Yeah , okay , hurry up and sleep 
Good night 
Okay , good night 
Are you there ? 
Old Pan 
I 'm going to eat 
Chat with you later when I have time 
I 'm here 
I just got done with a meeting 
I have something to tell you 
[ Gosh | Faint ] 
I 'm so busy that I wish I had three heads and six arms . I do n't have time to chat 
Don' t bother if you 're not sincere 
Are n't you have a lot of free time ? 
I have n't been free for even one day since National Day 
It 's been quite normal to work overtime 
[ image ] You have a lot of faces ! 
Still busy ? 
Hehe 
I 'm busy with meetings these few days 
And you ? 
Are you finished with work ? 
Yes , I was so worn out in the past few days , and I can relax a bit today [ emoticon ] 
Everything comes at the end of the year 
How 's Honglan 's business ? I seldom see her now 
It seems she 's not feeling too well health-wise 
? 
She is very depressed 
and always complaining to me 
What 's wrong with her health ? 
You ca n't rush with the business , sometimes you have to do self - adjustment , it 's how the macro environment is 
I was also very depressed in the past few days , hehe , later on , I just let it be after some thinking [ emoticon ] 
Sometimes , it 's like a bit looking for trouble 
Actually , just let it be after some thinking 
There are way more people who are having it tougher than you are 
Right ? 
How 's badminton ? I used to play occasionally as well , and now I basically have to take care of my little one at night 
I took her to her violin class yesterday , after coming back from the first day of class , she said she liked it , hehe 
I play once every Sunday 
Not bad 
Exercising a little 
is good for the cervical vertebra 
Is your kid learning how to play the violin ? 
My hubby 's colleague 's kid is of the same age as mine . She has been learning for a year , and the colleague said the teacher was quite good and so he recommended her to us 
Violin is very difficult to learn 
Yesterday was the first lesson . My little one stood for an hour , she 's OK , hehe , I do n't know whether she will persevere in future 
The key lies in perseverance 
It puts the will of the adults to test 
Exactly , let her learn one instrument , this way , it will also train her 
Needless to say that practicing while standing is actually very tough , the kid listens to her teacher , what we say does n't have much effect 
Hehe 
Yes 
After we purchased a piano and brought it home , our kids just refuse to practice 
? 
After buying a piano , one must practice every day 
They just quit 
Oh , how long have they been learning ? 
More than a year 
But they both have given up now 
It 's very boring when starting to learn 
Piano is the prince of musical instruments [ emoticon ] 
Fang 's kid is also learning piano , 
But mastering a musical instrument is also good , when they are grown up , it 's a way for them to vent their feelings [ emoticon ] 
I =wo n't expect she will go anywhere with it , playing for self - entertainment is also fine 
I do n't expect 
Just for self - entertainment 
Ours are very much against it right now 
And they have a lot more of schoolwork too 
They will learn till elementary school ends at most , there is basically no time in junior high 
Right 
But if you push it along 
they should be able to finish learning during elementary school 
Do n't put too much pressure on the kid 
I 'll let her learn until she can play songs [ emoticon ] 
Anyway , I 'm not hoping that she 'll go anywhere in this area 
But when the teacher asked her to try playing the violin , she said she had a good sense and was not rigid but rather at ease 
But maybe the kid is also very interested 
How much does it cost per lesson ? 
Violin teachers seem to charge expensive fees 
80 per lesson , partner training 20 
That 's still not considered expensive 
It 's in a small city 
How much does it cost for your piano lessons ? 
Piano lesson 80 
for 45 minutes 
I 'm going to eat 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Qiong , come back to the group 
Hehe 
Just 
Just want to have some quiet time 
It 's OK to hang around there 
In a while 
A few left one after another these few days , I do n't know why 
Oh 
Who ? 
Two days after you left , Xiaoyan withdrew too 
What happened to Xiaoyan ? 
I 'm feeling very depressed recently 
I do n't know 
Is everyone in the group doing fine ? 
Ah , everyone 's discussing 
Discussing what ? 
Group reform , 
Haha 
They want a new election 
Yin , tell me the group number , I 'll join the group again 
72782348 
Joined 
Waiting for verification 
I 'm through 
You 're in 
Hehe 
Hello . I went to your store this morning 
I wanted to do a uniform dress 
I 'd like to ask , if we do it as a skirt and top , would the price be the same ? 
I 've just got back 
Mm , we wanted to do a sleeveless dress plus a little jacket 
That way the price would be a little higher 
I wanted to ask the price 
? 
I went to your store this morning 
It 'll be more expensive than a single garment , of course 
Could you give me a quote 
Because we also want to confirm it as soon as possible 
Then it would be RMB 450 for a set 
The dress inside is this design , without the sleeves or the buttons at the shoulder [ image ] 
Outer [ image ] 
That expensive ? ! 
We want the jacket small as well 
How come it 's so much more expensive ? ! 
One jacket is more expensive than a dress ? ! 
Yes , the minimum would be 420 
Why is a jacket more expensive than a dress ? 
Doing it that way would be 320 
Are you busy ? 
Kind of busy 
What 's up ? 
I miss you 
Ha ha 
Really 
I did n't see it 
You 're laughing at me 
Why are n't you like other classmates , saying hello to me every day , if you miss me ? [ expression ] 
I remember you in my heart 
What 's the name of Ling 's son ? 
I do n't know . I do n't pay attention 
Are you from the National Administration for the Protection of State Secrets ? 
I really do n't know 
Are you tired ? 
I love to hear these words . I 'm surely tired 
I mean you are tired because of treating me this way 
Heh heh . How do I treat you ? I do n't feel tired . I guess you are tired [ expression ] 
You are too cunning [ expression ] 
Did you get angry ? 
Heh heh , I do n't get angry . I 'm busy . You ’re not busy , right ? 
No ! I 'm napping 
Take pity on me . Reading makes me dizzy 
I ca n’t help you ! I wo n't bother you while you ’re working any more 
Class Monitor , do you have time Friday evening ? To eat hot pot ? 
I just saw this 
This evening ? 
Do you have time this evening ? 
ella is pretty anxious . Haha 
The host is getting anxious 
I have time , hehe 
Then , I 'll ask Ryan again .
If there is no problem , just this evening ? ?? 
OK , I will be at everyone 's beck and call 
Then I 'll call Ryan first ... 
Honorable Class Monitor , how about tomorrow evening ? The little baby in Ryan 's family is having some cough . He is afraid that he can not go away 
OK 
Is the little baby in his family still coughing ? 
It 's getting cold . I guess he has caught cold by accident 
He said he wants this evening . I see it 's quite hard for him ; just change the time =then 
Ryan said Saturday evening .
No problem . Any day can do 
Let me recommend a drug to him : powder of antelope 's horn for clearing lung - heat . This is effective 
It 's just a bit bitter 
My son takes it 
Then I 'll send a text message to him shortly , saying this is effective ... 
What 's up ? 
Are you there ? 
Yeah 
What are you busy with ? 
I just got out of class 
Oh 
You have been quiet lately . Are you very busy ? 
I 'm busy preparing for doctoral qualifying examination 
Wow 
Is the exam easy to pass ? 
It 's not hard to pass the exam for my own college 
It 's good 
Your daughter is so cute 
Hee hee 
That 's true 
How many jin do you weigh now ? 
Ugh . You 're [ touching a tender spot | picking up a tea pot in which the water has n't been boiled ] 
I wanted to say just now that I wanted to lose weight again as soon as I saw you 
How many jin ? Tell me truthfully 
no , I do n't have courage to weigh myself 
Ugh 
Do you still go to the gym ? 
I do n't go 
I will think about it after the doctoral qualifying examination , which is March next year 
Oh 
Is it pretty easy to pass the exam for your own college if you keep a good relationship with your advisor ? 
It 's not just that . You yourself have to pass the initial exam 
OK . Work hard 
Thanks 
Do you have any investment projects with good creative ideas lately ? 
I do n't . Do you have any ? 
I 'm thinking 
Why ? Do you want to do something else ? 
Yeah 
I 've renounced the society for now , so I 'm not clear 
Heh heh 
Have you been observing the surrounding area near your school ? Did you observe some business opportunities ? 
It 's saturated here around our school 
How about student hotels ? 
There are so many college students going out to get a room in hotels 
There are many who get a room in hotels 
There are a lot if hotels near us . It wo n't be easy to find a place if we open a new hotel 
How about renting or buying a residential building to sublease to young couples ? 
Renting a house near the school is very expensive now . There are fewer and fewer people going out to rent a house 
Sublease a house . Is n't it cheaper if everyone shares the rent ? 
Then you ca n't earn much money 
Ugh . Look for business opportunities ! 
Do n't you work in the East ? It would be pretty good to open a hotel there in Zhangqiu 
I 'm not in the East . I 'm in the North 
Why do you say that ? What business opportunities are there in Zhangqiu ? 
There are many people who get a room in hotels in Zhangqiu 's University City , but there are few hotels 
When did Zhangqiu get a University =City ? 
I only know Changqing 
There are many . You go online and check 
Okay 
How did you know that there are fewer hotels in Zhangqiu 's University City ? I could n't get much information online 
? 
What are you busy with ? 
I 'm fussing around 
Are n't you a father now ? Congratulations 
Hee hee , thanks 
Your baby seems to be a lot like you 
How about you ? Have you solved your personal problem ? 
Really ? Everyone says that . Ha ha 
No. I 'm still alone 
I 've gotten used to it . Heh heh 
Never mind 
Heh heh 
This " getting used to " is not good 
What else can I do ? 
I ca n't find a mutual affection with anyone 
We 're not bad . You should n't have been left alone up until now 
I really do n't know how long I will be left alone 
Ugh 
Do you still work every day now ? 
Yeah 
Do you have some good projects to work on ? 
I do n't have any 
Ugh . How much money can you earn just working every day ? 
I 'm extremely anxious now 
If you earn little , just spend little 
I have to improve my quality of life 
Heh heh . If you have things to eat and drink , that 's good enough 
It 's you by yourself , so you do n't need to worry about eating and drinking 
When you have a family later , you will have a sense of crisis 
When I have a family , the two of us will make money , so that wo n't be a problem 
Just raising children . How much will that cost ? 
[ OMG | Faint ] 
You 're too naive , Student Wang ! 
Children really cost a lot , and are the main money consumer 
Do you have to buy the best stuff ? 
Our material conditions were so bad back then , but did n't we grow up quite well ? 
The environment is different now 
Everything must be good 
We can make ourselves go through the inconvenience , but ca n't make our children go through the inconvenience 
Ah , it 's nothing to =go through some inconvenience 
You have to eat well , but you can wear common stuff 
Children grow so fast , so they do n't need to wear such nice stuff 
Yeah . You want nothing and require nothing , and are actually a good [ person | comrade ] 
As long as the materials are good . That 's the most important 
Ack , now I [ have a lot of stress | Alexander ] 
Yeah , I really do n't have any great desires 
[ image ] You 've certainly saved up a lot of money then 
For my future child , I just hope he will be healthy physically and mentally 
I have n't saved up much 
You must have several millions ... [ image ] 
If that was the case , I would n't need to work any more 
Ha ha 
Do n't tell me that you would n't need to work if you just had several million 
That 's true 
Several millions are just capital for an investment 
Why do you need that much money ? 
To improve life quality 
To what extent does it have to be improved before it 's high quality ? 
Having a car and having a house , no worries about food and clothing , and buying whatever you want to buy without blinking your eyes when buying buy 
Desires are boundless 
When you buy good stuff , there is better stuff 
Let one 's parents get better care 
Your parents are retired , and are much better than our parents who are not retired yet 
You 'll feel happy after you compare them 
They are retired and are still looking for entrepreneurial projects 
Let alone us , with our inexhaustible =energy 
Energy 
Back in China ? 
Yes 
I 'm overseas leading a team 
No 
I do n't have a team leader certificate 
I got a Singapore visa 
I wo n't worry going to Singapore 
Yea , today I 'm getting a Turkish one 
Next week I have to get a Pakistani one 
I 'll go to your side to be a team leader , I 'll take the text : ) 
Good 
Send me the link to the leggings . Let me have a look 
After the overalls are completed in two days , we have to wear them 
What kind of shoes do you wear ? 
Is n't it the end of this month ? 
Right 
I need to decide right now 
I do n't even know if we must wear black shoes 
Let 's not talk about it for now 
I do n't ask about it . Let 's wait until the skirts come 
I asked you to give me the link to the leggings 
Why do you say so many useless things ? 
I have clients here 
You can take a look 
Yes . For details , please keep an eye on the Tourist Bureau .
Yes . It requires your company to uniformly apply it for you .
Do you work at a travel agency ? 
Do you plan to engage in this profession ? 
Can I take an exam to get the tourist guide certificate ? 
Do we apply for it on our own ? 
Or should we apply for it at your place ? 
I 'm not 
Right 
It is useful when I switched my job to one in a travel agency . Besides , I can also visit scenic spots for free or at a better price with it , right ? 
Good morning , Manager Chen 
Can you coordinate the engineering department of the company to help install water heaters in the dormitory ? 
Yes .
How about the solar energy now ? 
Firstly , it depends on the weather ; secondly , even if the weather is good , one can only wash half the body using it 
Ho ho , it must be uneasy for you , Manager Wei . I will go to coordinate the engineering staff here .
I can arrange them in the morning 
[ emoticon ] Perhaps the volume is too large 
Now we have n't bought water heaters yet 
We have n't bought them , so we ca n't be sure that they can be installed in the morning .
We bought them on November 11 , and they arrived yesterday . They are in the dormitory . We tried , but did not succeed , because professional tools and professional plumbing installers are required , 
I see .
I will go down to find you 
Thank you for your efforts , Manager Chen 
When will the engineering department come to install tomorrow ? 
So that I can arrange the =time 
You are welcome , Manager Wei .
How about 8 - 11 ? 
It must be at noon . Will you be home tomorrow ? 
Tell me when you have time 
I will let them install tomorrow , and have breakfast and lunch together with us 
Wait a minute 
No , it 's their normal working day tomorrow .
It have to thank them . Let 's have a simple meal by then . Will 8:00 - 11:00 be OK ? 
All right , [ emoticon ] 
OK 
Yes 
I just notified the staff of the engineering department .
They will go there after the start of business tomorrow 
They will get there before 11 o'clock tomorrow . You can just wait at home 
What are you doing , Old Zhou ? 
I 've still got a full head of black hair , you know . So do n't call me Old Zhou ! Plus , I can still play badminton for five hours straight .
You play for five hours straight with women , I suppose .
I do not play sports with women .
They do n't have the force .
You 're a sturdy stick .
Are you angry , Brother Zhou ? 
No , I 'm watching the live coverage of the China Badminton Open .
That 's good , you 're not overly sensitive . You go ahead and watch .
OK , you get on with your things .
Wei Ping , how are you recently ? 
Just fine . I am taking my time to calm down .
I did n't have much communication with the one from SCNU . Last time I sent a SMS message to ask her to add the QQ number , but she ignored me . Ho ho 
Teacher Zhang is having a little temper indeed .
She is complaining that you have not contacted her to meet with her . What is your opinion ? 
The one at your company did not harass you any more , right ? 
Ho ho , after that night , on the next day , he made a few phone calls and sent SMS messages to let me help him modify the materials . I simply did not answer the phone , 
On the third day , Monday , he made several phone calls right in the morning . I did n't answer . He even went to my office . I have really encountered an extremely obnoxious person . Alas 
Regarding Teacher Zhang , my feeling is that she is not very enthusiastic during usual practice .
You are really talented .
After all , you do n't understand each other . How could she possibly be enthusiastic ? You can only determine after you get in touch with her .
Teachers are always little restrained .
Perhaps it is that you have n't got over Xiao 's influence .
Call her now 
No , you want to think it over . Teacher Zhao explained for you that you had been busy for the 18th CPC National Congress .
Teacher Zhao said that Zhang was very simple , at least a bit simpler than Xiao . However , women are generally sensitive .
I am ignoring her now . I did n't speak to her that day when she came to my office 
Oh . I think it is not that easy to find a person who is not shrewd in this society .
If you are not easy , you can take the initiative to contact her and understand her , before you make a judgment .
I talked to her over the phone just now .
How was it ? 
It seems that she is a relatively simple person indeed 
She is a person who has been staying in the school in the past , and you should know that .
Did you ask for a date ? 
No , I have been busy recently . Besides , I am not in a mood for dating .
Oh . Well , it 's up to you .
Are you familiar with matters related to medical insurance in Jiangxi Province ? 
My mother 's registered residence is not in Yongxin , but in Nanchang County .
However , applying for medical insurance in that place is clearly not realistic . I wonder if you have any suggestions .
Migrating the household registration is a way , but I 'm afraid that there is no place for registration .
Has n't your mother been enrolled in medical insurance ? 
The province 's overall health insurance policy is consistent , but local policies vary from city to city .
No. That 's because she is in Yongxin , while the registered residence is in Nanchang County .
That means my mother can only be enrolled in medical insurance if she goes to Nanchang County .
If a network can be established , this is certainly not a problem any longer .
The country seems not to have taken into account such condition of separation of registered and actual residences .
I am not very clear about the specific policies .
What about this ? Next Monday , I 'll ask the Office Director of Human Resources and Social Security Bureau in Ji'an 
Good . Sorry to bother you .
My mother still has an urban registered residence .
You are welcome . With an urban registered residence , she still has to be enrolled in insurance for certain years to enjoy the benefits , 
This can also be made up .
Now I can help my mother to apply for the basic medical insurance for urban residents in Nanchang County , as =long as I make up the previous amount .
That is the case , in principle . I will ask about it on Monday .
OK . Call me when you have news .
OK 
？ 
Do a math problem , God Hou … 
what ? ?? 
Er 
This ? 
Yes … 
Three halves to the power of twenty 
How do you do it ? 
Divide both the top and the bottom by x to the power of 50 
And then ? 
How do you divide this ! ? 
Er … 
Divide each one in the parentheses 
And then it 's done .
Two minus one over x to the power of 30 multiplied by etcetera 
Get the extrema 
Let me have a think … 
Thank you , God Hou … 
But I still =do n't understand … 
Shuying , see you tonight ! 
Mm 
Have you been busy with classes lately ? 
Pretty busy , it 's the end of term , so I have a stack of exams 
Mm , me too . A great stack of paper 
I know you 're always very busy 
Oh dear , a life beset by suffering 
So what are you planning for the winter vacation ? 
Are you going back to China ? 
I 'm not going back . I 'm going to rest and recuperate in the winter vacation . What about you , going back to China ? 
No , I do n't have any plans , just relaxing too 
Rest and recuperation 
It 's a good thing the winter vacation is so long 
Mm , it 's a good thing 
Are you going to go away somewhere ? 
At the end of December I 'm going skiing with some old college friends 
Wow , that 's great . Where are you going to ski ? 
I do n't know , not far from here . They chose the place , all I have to do is go and have fun 
Mm , great . Make sure you have a good time ! 
Mm . What about you ? 
Have n't decided . I 'll think about it after the end of term 
Mm 
I have changed the signature [ emoticon ] 
I want to give you an update of my recent news 
I have a lot of clothes , and there should be some suitable for you . When will you come over to pick them ? 
Sure , I am all ears 
Dressing up to look innocent ? 
bobo ? Haha 
I am tired of long hair , and I 've decided to cut it [ emoticon ] 
School girl , not bad 
Do you like it yourself ? How about Doudou and Dad ? 
But I still like how you looked before , Haha 
Comparison photos [ emoticon ] 
Both Doudou and Dad liked it 
That shows it is a success 
I 'm going to give Doudou a little sister 
Ah ? Are you already pregnant ? 
Congratulations 
How long have you been pregnant ? 
When is the expected date of childbirth ？ 
You ca n’t wear those clothes for now then 
Haha 
You have to wait for another year or so 
When I know the gender , you will be the first person I tell 
At the end of May ? 
Um 
In May 
Haha , I will have the chance to hold the little baby 
My [ Menstruation | Eldest Aunt ] is not regular . It is May 15 according to the B ultrasound 
The weather is nice 
Planned ? 
How about your work ? 
Are you cutting your hair short so that it 's easier to take care of ? 
Can I announce this good news in a small scope ? 
To share your happiness 
Like Doutou , it is not planned 
I 'm not cutting my hair short so that it 's easier to take care of . It is mainly for changing my mood 
Do n’t announce it until I know the gender , =Xixi 
I plan to check it in advance , so that I can name it in advance 
By the way , what ’s your suggestion on the nickname ? Tell me 
Haha , OK , wait 
Let ’s wait until the gender is known , or choose a neutral one 
I am not in good mood these days . Your startling news has greatly lifted my spirits [ emoticon ] 
Haha 
My sister named her daughter : Naonao … 
She is surnamed Hu 
Hehe . When I saw Naonao , a “ Tiaotiao ” occurred to my mind [ emoticon ] 
Is your work unchanged ? 
It will be very =hard . Pay attention to your rests 
Haha , I think , as a girl name , Tiaotiao is more pleasant to hear than Naonao [ emoticon ] 
I just went out to receive a express parcel 
My work does n’t change much . I will adjust to it myself , and I will not work overtime 
Haha , I will qq you when I have an inspiration 
OK . I thought of the name [ Tangtang | Candy ] that day [ emoticon ] 
Doudou has candy in his pocket 
Tangtang is good 
Doudou said , if it is a little sister , name her [ Little Sister Miao | Miao Xiaomei ] 
if it is a little brother , name him [ Little Brother Miao | Miao Xiaodi } 
Hehe , talented Doudou 
Do you want a little girl ? 
I prefer a girl 
What he thought of was Rat Brother and Rat Sister , haha 
Um , I prefer a girl 
If it is a boy again , then there would be no opportunity to dress up 
Haha , I am thinking the same thing 
By the way , I am developing to become a house wife now 
Does your family like pork skin jelly ? 
I will send some to you tomorrow 
I also want to be a house wife , but there is no way 
How can I let you run around ? Maybe keep them for yourself 
I made a lot on the weekend [ emoticon ] 
It does n’t matter . My pregnancy does n’t affect me at all 
You are not fit to run around 
I still walk very fast 
Hehe 
But they say people do not take the second pregnancy too seriously 
Right 
People are not as cautious as they were when having the first one 
Haha , I wish it is a little girl , so that Tutu ’s clothes can be saved for her 
Umum . I prefer a girl , Haha 
When I know the gender , I will begin to collect small clothes from everywhere 
When can the gender be known ? 
Doudou ’s gender was checked and identified when I was pregnant for four and a half months 
It can be roughly identified 
It is soon 
The gender can definitely be identified when you are pregnant for 5 months 
Wait 
OK . The news has been announced . Continue to do your work , Sister Zhou [ emoticon ] 
I will come over tomorrow . It should be after lunchtime . I will text you in advance 
Um , OK , annoying document . It is better to hear good news . Take care [ emoticon ] 
OK . I will wait for you [ emoticon ] 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
The sales staff are all in a meeting 
I have to 
ask to get it clear later 
OK 
Do you need it urgently ? 
Best if you hurry up ! 
They 're in a meeting 
It 's not like I can control it ! 
Brother Zhang is desperate ! 
May I ask , whose client was it that signed a deal this afternoon ? 
Sorry to trouble you ! 
OK , thanks ! 
70 homes , 50419079 
59 garages 
Are you there ? 
59 garages , 70 homes , total contract value 50419079 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
Thanks 
Zhang 
Are you there ? 
What 's up ? 
It 's okay now 
Hmm 
Are you there ? 
OK 
There 's a fax for you 
Then I 'll go up and get it 
Is Brother Liu there ? 
It been a long time already since I ’ve had this kind of feeling of shivering with cold while walking on the road , although the sunshine is outrageously beautiful at the moment 
Elder Brother , is n't it cold outside ? 
Until what time did you drink the other day ? 
Half past two 
Not bad 
How is your research on the project ? 
I have been writing summaries and Plan 13 lately and do n’t have time 
Oh 
I 'm planning to partner with several classmates to open a franchised hotel . What do you think ? 
I wo n’t do things I do n’t know about 
I have quite a few people around me are doing franchised ones . I am consulting details and gaining experience .
What are you doing ? 
What else ? Reading articles 
Haha . Go and drink some water 
I am stuffed with water 
Haha . [ Very funny | so laughable as to make one want to die ] 
Taking a nap again ? 
Already taken 
The apprentice is napping now 
Haha . You have to queue to nap . [ Too funny | So pleasing as to make one want to die ] . We go to work directly after lunch [ emoticon ] 
You ’re so hardworking . I am missing you while napping . So I come to the Internet 
Do n’t think too much when having nothing to do 
My pain is burning when I miss you 
I do n’t believe 
Tell me the reason 
Tell me first why you miss me 
You are my first love 
Even the first love will be [ ruined | everything is not the same as before ] 
It is always very beautiful for me 
Hehe . Do n’t you think it ’s tiring ? You are always missing the past 
I miss you again after seeing you in Shenzhen . You are better than you used to be 
Only what suits you is the best 
You may as well say [ you are too good for me | I am a toad lusting after a swan 's flesh ] [ emoticon ] 
I am not a swan . You are not a toad either . Why derogate yourself like this ? 
Oh 
How ’s the weather there ? 
A bit cold . How about Shanghai ? 
[ All words , no action | It will be talked about but not done ] 
It ’s sunny in Shanghai 
Be happy every day , my seatmate 
OK . More than 40 years old in a flash 
Are you over 40 ?? 
No 
You said you are over 40 
Then he is the youth riding a horse but now he turns to be a white - haired old man in the twinkling of an eye . I was born in 72 .
Your birthday ? 
December 1st 
Oh , I remember , it is this day 
You are as old as my elder brother 
Really ? 
Yes 
I was born in the year of Rat 
He was also born in the year of Rat and he was younger than you 
A few days younger than you 
Oh 
You also have an elder sister 
My elder sister is one year older than you 
Does your sister know ++ ? 
Not necessarily . We are both forgetful 
Oh . You use your brain too much 
You would not have recognized my if I did n’t call you in Shenzhen ? 
That ’s true . You did n’t recognize me either ? 
A young and shy boy in the past . Now you are mature and calm 
You changed very much . I remember you 
I remember you too 
Haha . Thank you for what you did in the past 
You are awesome 
How come ? 
That man is somehow like what you were in the past 
You surely understand what I mean 
How about the woman ? 
Even an idiot knows 
I have n’t seen anything about the woman 
Hehe . It would be so great only if I were that beautiful [ emoticon ] 
I am still keeping your glove 
Ah ? How come 
Yeah 
You gave it to me 
Only one glove 
Why gave it to you ? Maybe I lost one and the other one would be useless [ emoticon ] 
Or I did n’t want you have your hands frozen ? 
I do n’t know what you meant 
I asked why I gave you one glove 
Is it a mistake ? is it a glove from another little girl ? 
You gave it to me to protect me from the cold whether 
Oh , so it is . I have always been kind 
Do you really forget it all ? 
So you were touched ? Haha , I harmed you 
Um , very harmful 
Very awful 
It seems I must think it over first before talking or doing anything to the opposite sex to avoid harming others [ emoticon ] 
You treated it as rubbish but I cherished it like a treasure 
It ’s unfair to me to say this 
Anyhow you are not a trash bin [ emoticon ] 
Do you remember ? One time I came across you when I went back to the classroom with my breakfast after the early study and you were going back to have breakfast , then you had my breakfast with my chopsticks . You enjoyed the food very much 
Hehe . There were things so pleasant . Really worth remembering . No wonder you ca n’t forget 
Then you left and I ate all your saliva [ emoticon ] 
Haha . You forgot all 
There are more and I will not talk about that 
Anything more interesting ? 
I will not say . You ca n’t remember anything 
It tells that you are ... 
What 
It tells that I was silly and heartless 
You treated me as a beggar 
How can you say =this ? 
First I did n’t mean that . Secondly , beggars are just equally respectable in my eyes 
=Fine 
They can also attract my emotional heart to care 
So please do n’t belittle beggars , and yourself and me 
I mean you treated me as a beggar 
I wo n’t chat with you 
Or you think I am not even comparable to a beggar ? 
What are you doing ? =Say something 
There are two kinds of beggars . The first are to survive , and the second are manipulated by professional bosses 
Little child [ emoticon ] 
Even a child knows how to be polite . it is necessary to say goodbye after greeting [ emoticon ] 
I feel hot seeing you in red in the photo ! 
Next time I wear a white coat to calm you down [ emotion ] 
I quiver with cold when hearing this 
Haha . I do n’t want you get self - ignited [ emoticon ] 
I get ignited only when I am missing you 
My dear !!! 
My dear , I 'm here 
How come you posted my photo on Qzone ... I was shocked when I opened Qzone ... 
And it was actually the one where , I , as photographed , look very much like Li Siying !!! 
It 's just in my cellphone photo album , and then I transferred it onto Qzone 
And it was actually the one where , I , as photographed , look very much like Li Siying !!! 
So [ what | wool thread ] ? 
Really shameful - I 've never been photographed like that . . == 
[ What 's | wool thread ] there to be shameful about ? I do n't even dislike it 
Boohoo ... 
Haha 
I 'll show you what Daddy really looks like !! 
OK , Daddy 
Where is the picture ? 
Have you seen it ? ? 
Do n't spend too much time thinking of me , haha ~~ 
Have you had your hair cut ? 
=No , I 've always let it grow ... 
Er ... it looks indeed quite fresh and tidy 
Ah , why does it look that short ? 
I 'm so pure and youthful ... I 'm really upset that you 've uploaded a photo where I look so much like Li Siying ... 
Goddess 
Hmm 
God Zou .. 
I 'd like to ask a question 
Does it require money to download something from cnki . net .. = = ? 
It used to , but Nankai has something similar to a public account number 
At the place you log on 
there is an IP log - on 
then you just log onto Nankai University 's account number 
Uh ? ? 
Yes 
[ Picture ] ?? 
Then you do n't need money to download 
Oh ~~ I will try ~~ 
Ah ? What 's the format of the original document ? 
Give a link 
How come it 's the asp format when downloaded ? ? 
Try right click and open with notepad to see what it 's like 
I saw it ... I 'm searching , no hurry 
Hmm (⊙ _ ⊙) 
This format can only be opened using this 
Is this it ? 
So high - end = = .. 
It 's not high - end ... It 's this format , which cnki . net uses to bundle and sell its browser ... 
It 's just like the video of youku . com has a special format 
= = ... 
[ Picture ] ... 
I 'll go .. I always only use yyets . com .. 
= = .. 
... 
.. = = 
= = .. 
Mine is one size smaller and does n't feel generous 
I will try downloading it myself ... 
Too slow ... 
.. = = 
I once sent one of ２ .. ７１Ｇ 
Today I even attempted to send a document of 1.12G on QQ ... It seems [ too simple | tu sen po ] ... 
Sending for a day ? ? 
[ I do n't know | Phuket Island ] . No , one night . Actually it is sometimes quite fast 
= = .. 
I do n't dare anymore . (( Zhazha has to kneel down for every subject )) 
God Zou , watch The Good Wife , it 's interesting to watch ~~ 
Looking at your signature , is the renminbi now the strongest ? 
Yeah 
I have something consult you about 
Is it easy to do tourism business in Zhangqiu now ? 
Go ahead 
Do a lot of people go there to travel 
You answer me first from your point of view 
What do you want to do ? 
If I had told you what I wanted to do , you would be restricted 
Baimai Sping is good 
Is that considered the hottest in Jinan 's surrounding area ? 
How do you people who work in tourism think of it ? 
No , 
You 're smart 
The hottest place in Jinan is the mountain area in the south 
Do you want to go open a hotel ? 
In the mountain area of the south , it 's all round trips on the same day 
I mean where you have to stay for a night at least 
No one will go to Zhangqiu to stay 
There are places to stay in the mountain area of the south . Like conferences or whatever , they 'll go to the hotels in the mountain area of the south 
Are there any places to stay overnight in Zhangiu ? 
Some also go there and back on the same day 
I want to construct a partnership with someone else to run a franchised hotel 
7 Days 
Which one ? 
I 'm on the phone .
I think two kinds of people stay at 7 Days : one is the independent tourist and the other is the tourist on a business trip 
What I 'm thinking is that because there are currently no 7 Days in Zhangqiu , I can fill the gap if I open one 
Independent tourists seldom stay over night in Zhangqiu . Those who go visit Zhangqiu are basically having a " one - day tour around Jinan " , so they do n't need to stay over night 
There are only a Home Inn and a Jinjiang Inn in Zhangqiu now , so they are very hot .
That only leaves tourists on a business trip 
If it was in an urban area or around office buildings , that would be good 
Yeah , so you do n't need to consider the =aspect of travel agencies 
I guess tourists would not constitute a large source of customers 
Yeah , but we also need to consider this 
Quite a few 
So be careful , and listen to opinions from various sectors 
How much is the investment ? 
=No tourist groups stay over night in Zhangqiu now 
Yeah 
But the occupancy rate is very high 
And these business chain hotels never sign agreements with travel agencies 
They all count on individual travelers and online booking 
Yeah 
Yeah , do it through your own network and booking sites 
Will you start with constructing a building ? 
no 
Rent properties 
Oh 
Yeah , or renovation 
Does this mean remodeling ? 
You 'd need several millions 
Yeah 
You do n't need that much in the early stage 
The funds will flow up after it 's opened 
In the early stage , it 's just the remodeling fee 
Yeah , or you can say that 30 % of the remodeling fee can flow upwards 
I guess you 'd only need 150 - 200 before it flows upward 
Later , remodel while you are opened up to occupancy 
no , delay the remodeling payments 
Oh 
There are actually many factories in Zhangqiu 
There are too many Home Inns and 7 Days , at least 20 or 30 
Their members are too dispersed 
What does members being too dispersed mean ? 
Members in the city are divided into dozens of parts . How many could there be in one part ? 
Currently there is one Home Inn and one Jinjiang Inn near Baimai Spring . Members definitely have to choose that one whenever they go there . The advantage is too obvious 
Yeah , only the area surrounding Baimai Spring is okay in Zhangqiu 
Are you there ? 
? 
Oh , you still have something in the procurement department , right ? Photographic equipment and a watermill . Take them away when you have some time . The procurement department is now being transformed into a conference room 
Manager Wei ! The plan is to go to Guangzhou on December 2 or 3 , and two plane tickets need to be booked . A direct flight from Xuzhou ( on a China Southern Airlines aircraft ) to Guangzhou is preferred ( which arrives before 5 o'clock in the afternoon ; He said that he did not want to take a small plane . ) 
There is another thing ! There is only one computer in the direct - sale store , which is really inconvenient . We have to queue to use it !! I apply for sending a computer here ! [ emoticon ] 
Um , I saw it~ 
Oh 
Is the flight to and fro ? 
We book the flight to the destination first . The time of return has not be determined yet ! 
Book two tickets , for Manager Wei and me .
Why do you say that the computer is not convenient ? 
What do you do with it ? 
It 's OK if you do n't give us a desktop computer ! Just give us a laptop ! That is more convenient for replacing the messages of the front door LED !! 
Is n't there a laptop in your store now ? 
Hey hey -- do I still need to return the laptop later ? [ emoticon ] 
We do n't need it here for the moment 
Um -- OK ! Thank you , leader !! 
You can just leave it there 
Um , um -- thank you ! 
Regarding the tickets , I 'll buy them for you after I report to Manager Lu tomorrow 
Good afternoon 
Zhenzhen , what have you been busy with recently ? 
Nothing -- I 've been working every day .
Coping with my distasteful work .
Hehe , do n't you like going to work anymore ? 
How have your driving lessons gone ? 
Right , 
How could I take the test ? The test times clash with the times I 'm in class .
I could not possibly request time off to go and take the test .
In our work unit , provided there 's a class , you ca n't swap classes as you please .
You have quite a lot of classes ? 
I 'll just have to wait until the winter vacation or the summer vacation .
Quite a few -- 14 a week .
There 's no rush . Take things slowly 
When are you planning to go ? 
Right , there 's no rush .
They 're all like that .
It should be in January , I think 
How come you put it off for so long ? 
Do you believe in fate ? Maybe there 'll be some advantages to leaving late when you 're leaving late .
Yes , it can only be so 
Take me for instance . Last time , I kept on trying to take the test , and in the end I had spent my money , and still had not passed it . Now that I 'm not taking the test , I actually feel relaxed .
I saw your son 's photo -- a lovely lad 
Since you 're already leaving late , it 's actually great that you 'll be properly sorting out the apartment before leaving .
Yes , we wo n't be in such a rush 
Has our family 's Min found her job ? 
I 'm just too anxious at times .
I 'm now working hard to change that .
Her job is still up in the air . She 's coming with me 
Nowadays , it 's not such an easy thing to find work .
In actual fact , it would be completely feasible for you to go to some college in the south , and in that case you could take Minmin with you .
We can get together if we have time in a few days , Dandan , his aunt , hehe 
There are many people doing it like that in our work unit .
Yes , let 's get together .
That 's what I think as well . Let 's discuss it again when we 're back in China 
I do n't want to work over here either 
Before New Year 's Day , OK ? 
It 's really depressing over here , hehe 
OK 
I 'll give you a call when the time comes 
When the atmosphere is n't right , you do n't feel happy at work .
OK , then .
I have been quite unhappy over the past few days just because of something at work . I 've now actually gotten over it .
In fact , all work units are the same .
It 's great if you 've managed to get over it 
Yes .
I now think Minmin is in the best situation : she does n't have to work now , and can really enjoy her life .
I just want to find somewhere right for me to do some work I like , hehe 
Where are you buying an apartment ? 
The requirements are a bit high , hehe 
You 're fine , really . You have knowledge and skills .
It 's on campus , near Fuhua Elementary School 
An apartment on school campus ? 
That 's also pretty good 
Yes . The elementary school is just downstairs 
We 're also now considering where to buy an apartment on school premises .
Really great .
Hehe , we 're getting ready for our son going to school 
We need to consider that 
When your child goes to school , he would n't have to waste time .
He 'll start school the year after next , I think .
My son 's a year below yours .
Yes . It would be convenient , and the winter is also cold in Harbin , and in this way , our son would suffer fewer hardships 
He could go to school in a flash , hehe 
We will grow old in a flash too 
Yes 
This morning , when I took the commuter bus , I saw many parents taking their children to school , and I thought at the time , if our child had started school , how could we ever sleep late ? We would just have to get up early .
Yes , everything is on the right track , and there would be no time you can stop 
The kindergarten teacher reported back to us yesterday on a problem with our little darling – he 's hit other little children in the kindergarten 
We 've never had that sort of thing or pressure before , probably because we are still psychologically immature and believe we have not grown up .
Yesterday evening , his mother and I told him off 
Gosh , my son is exactly the opposite . He 's the tallest in his class , but is bullied by the little children . I worry helplessly , and he says he ca n't hit them back because the teacher wo n't allow it .
We 're all the same , let 's grow up together with our children 
Exactly , you can teach him , but do n't be too hard on him .
When you =should hit back , you still have to hit back , hehe 
If your child hits others , the most you have to do is to apologize , but if he really were being bullied , you would worry helplessly .
Yes , my son really listens to what the teacher says .
When we spoke to him , he agreed right away . I do n't know if there will be any effect 
He behaves really well in kindergarten .
The same with my son -- he apologizes really quickly once he has done something wrong .
Boys can not be too well - behaved -- this is my view 
He 's just apologizing , and wo n't change his ways 
It looks like your family 's darling is really great , right ? He knows how to go on the offensive .
He remembers to eat , but does n't remember to fight .
Right - they 're all like that 
Our family 's little dear has a rather bad temper 
In fact , there 's no need for us to worry over some small faults in our children , because nearly all children are the same .
When I talk to other parents , I end up thinking that children nowadays will all have similar problems .
Not only do they have bad tempers , they are also stubborn 
My son 's also like that 
In fact , this actually also has some connection with us being parents . Sometimes , because we have a lot of stress related to things at work , when he is not very " well - behaved , " we tend to get angry with him , and he is influenced by us .
Things might improve after you 've gone abroad . When there is less stress , one 's mood will also improve .
You 're right . Sometimes it 's also because we parents are doing things wrong 
Yes . We 'll use our year abroad to bring things into a proper balance 
I 'm thinking now that there is indeed a lot of stress at work , and if we could be given a period in which to relax , maybe we would improve ourselves somewhat .
There 's more work on in our work unit , and we have to do overtime at every turn , handing in all sorts of materials , vacation is not given on time , and we even have to teach classes on Saturdays .
I feel angry whenever I think about it .
Hehe . There 's nothing you can do about such things 
I 'm even thinking of resigning , but once I think what else I could do after I resign , I just have to put up with it .
Yes , I feel too boxed in in life .
Especially as you 're actually a man , and your need to work is greater .
Go for it , Liangliang .
Wrong – you should be called Xiaoliang .
Hehe , stress as enormous as a mountain 
Gosh , I look back with great fondness on our time learning to drive over the summer this year .
Totally right , hehe 
Right . Everyone was together and very relaxed 
Are you still at work ? What time do you leave work ? 
I 've got a friend who was appraised as a deputy senior lecturer just before he turned forty , and before then he had always done his own things outside , after he was appraised as deputy senior lecturer , he was promoted to a full senior position , and in less than two years he became a PhD adviser , and now he leads a very relaxed life .
Right . Having been appraised and promoted as a full senior lecturer , one will have a relaxed life 
Gosh , I do n't even want to mention it -- I have elective classes , and I have a class that only starts at six o'clock . I will only be able to get home by eight o'clock .
It makes me really angry .
I can not spend time with my child .
When I get back from my time abroad , I 'll go wherever they will give me a full senior position . It would be best if it could be in the South 
My requirements are low , and a deputy senior position would be fine .
You 're really working hard 
Yes . It would be great to go to the South to develop your career . People are more flexible there .
Very practical . After you 've done some work , you get some reward for it , unlike in the North , where it 's all about favors and connections .
If we had connections , then of course the North would be fine , but if we count on our actual abilities , we really must go to the North .
I really recommend that you go to the South .
I think you are not really getting the treatment you deserve in HIT .
The thing is the environment in our lab is n't very good , and I want to move on 
It makes me shudder to think of working here my whole life ! 
We could imagine now what we would be like in twenty years ' time , how terrible it would be .
Right . There should be some uncertainty in life . Otherwise , there would n't be any passion for it , hehe 
Take some risk to get ahead , otherwise life becomes too monotonous 
I regret now that I did n't venture out and try to get ahead when I graduated as a postgraduate , or I should have ventured out when I graduated as an undergraduate .
Maybe modern life is too bland .
Gosh , you 'll feel good when you get home and see your darling son and wife 
There 's no point thinking about other people . We must n't waste time on them .
Yes , my mood improves when I see them 
Right 
That 's what I say when I 'm consoling myself .
Zhenzhen , I ca n't chat to you any longer . I 'm going home to prepare the meal . They have gone to an English class and will be back in a little while 
Let 's chat another day 
Go home quickly .
I 'll invite you guys for a meal in a few days ' time . You just wait 
Another day .
OK ! 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ emoticon ] [ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Chen 
How is your visit to Yiwu~~~ 
Very good , in Yiwu they sell everything , and the prices are all very cheap 
They sell everything [ emoticon ] 
Over 100,000 kinds of merchandise , what should I say ? 
I have seen less than ten thousand 
Do you have any investment plan now ? 
I am planning to open an online store . I am not planning to earn any money , and will try whether I can reach the two - diamond level of reputation . Meanwhile , I ’ll purchase some cheap goods and set up a stall 
It seems that all diamond or above levels of reputation are made with fraudulent measures . Without a good reputation , you can hardly reach the diamond level 
Is it easier if you open a physical store along with the online store ? 
The rent of the physical store occupies a large proportion of the investment . The investment is too big 
It is expensive at good locations , and business is hard at bad locations 
You can be a second - hand wholesaler , what do you think ? Location wo n’t be that important then 
Is there any method for me to reach the diamond level of reputation ? 
Wholesaling is OK 
Retailing needs hard work , and is not profitable 
Wholesaling also needs hard work 
You can buy it online , it seems to be 200 RMB per diamond , but that was a long time ago , I guess you can reach the reputation level of a crown with 200 RMB now 
Oh , I know nothing about this 
Do you have time to set up a physical shop ? Who will help you look after the store ? 
I feel that the way Wang Shen 's mom operates is very good , you do n't need a good location for the shop , the shop can provide wholesaling and direct supply , and we can do wholesaling and retailing online 
Right 
The shop does not need a salesperson , just hire a shop assistant 
Is Wang Shen 's mom comparable to us ? 
Carry the goods , do some clean up , etc. 
I know , I am talking about this pattern , I am just making a metaphor . We can not compare with her about the channels 
His pattern is suitable for people with more connections 
Right 
Which products do you think are easy to sell ? 
We do n't have that ability , and we surely can not learn from her 
Which products do you think are easy to sell ? Are they innovative ? 
It is nothing but kids ' stuff 
Did you see mainly kids ' toys ? 
I feel that earning money from women is easy , and from children , too 
There are many children 's toys , all are very cheap 
How about safety ? 
Planes , cars , all sorts of toys 
For intelligence development 
The plane is not safe , the car is safe 
But they are suitable for setting up the stall 
If you want to set up a stall , you need to get some little toys 
The stall is a low start point ... 
I do not have money , so I have to start from the stall 
You should take some time and visit that place 
If your thoughts are different , the products you want to deal with would be different 
Even if you can not find suitable projects , it is also good to widen your horizon out there 
Yes , that 's what I am thinking about 
I want to join a franchising hotel together with several classmates , what do you think ? 
What kind of hotel ? 
Hotels like Home Inn , 7 Days Inn , Jinjiang Inn , Hanting Hotel , etc. 
Express hotels 
Right 
Very good 
The project that I dreamed of getting into in 2008 
But I do not have money 
The initial investment is too huge 
I am worried , too 
Why do I want to partner with my classmates , it 's because I do n't have the money 
It 's a one - time investment 
Right 
The one - time investment can last five years 
Right , at least 
First , the rent ; Second , the decoration 
You only need minor renovations from the 6th to the 10th years 
Five million might not be enough 
Correct , these two items are major costs 
The rent is about one million RMB 
The initial investment in decoration is also one million 
The rent can be paid in installments 
The franchising fee is about 500,000 RMB 
The price of decorating a standard room for 7 Days' Inn is about 40,000 RMB 
Which means you can get the business going with 1.5 to 2 million RMB 
Yes , he said 47,000 RMB for each room , actually I think I can get it done for less than 40,000 
Water equipment is the major investment in the room 
Right , the bathroom equipment is the major investment 
The next is the overall decoration of the room 
Actually the major purpose of joining a franchised store is to buy its members 
You can not get started with 2 million RMB 
7 Days Inn has over 20 million members 
I have a classmate in Zhangqiu , he has also made some research on this , there is only Home Inn and Jinjiang Inn in Zhangqiu , there is no 7 Days Inn and Hanting Hotel 
Just calculate the cost . You need 40 rooms , right ? 
No , at least 80 
Oh 
Otherwise you can not join them 
80 rooms 
How much is 40,000 multiplied by 80 ? 
You wan na set it up with two million ? 
Have you calculated this ? 
Are you counting ? 
I have counted it , I mean the first installment 
As for the decoration , you can find qualified decoration teams , and pay some deposits 
For example , a 30 % advance payment 
And think of other methods after business is running smoothly 
Right , you have the boldness . To be honest , I dare not do something like this without 3.5 million RMB 
Alas 
(( I am not being disappointed )) , people like me will just make enough to live a stable life 
I heard of one sentence and think it makes perfect sense 
Share it 
Nowadays , never be afraid of borrowing money as long as the project is good . You can never be rich if you dare not borrow money 
In the beginning , I also thought about doing some small business and making some money for daily use , but then I thought it was too pitiful if I spend my life just like this 
What do you think ? 
Chain hotels have a fast revenue rate , you can collect your investment in at most three years 
This sentence makes good sense 
I have seen many people like this 
They simply succeeded 
But people with the thinking style of mine dare not do such risky things 
Chain hotels are really good money makers . Hotel rooms in Ji’nan is now in short supply , you basically have no room to live in if you do n’t book in advance 
I paid the full amount for my apartment in Ling Xiu City 
There was a man ageing about 45 , who bought two apartments , each over 140 square meters . He borrowed over 800,000 from the bank , it seemed 
I was thinking , a man of my page can not earn enough to pay for the load , but he just dared to do it 
Housing was cheap then , 3,800 RMB per square , now his apartments are worth three millions 
Alas 
Therefore I am thinking , we are already at this age , we wo n’t have any chance if we do not try for the last time 
We need to try our best , even if for our family 
Yes , we should , but we should consider all the details in the early phase 
Yes , we should consider carefully , after all this is my first and biggest business startup 
Chen Chen 
I am ready to partner with several classmates to join a chain hotel ... If I take over a store or manage by myself , the source of guest can not be guaranteed ... 
Hum ... it would save much trouble 
It ’s just too much investment ... the investment in the preliminary phase is too much 
[ 137099 ] Just stick to the standard 
[ 136693 ] The reason I choose partnership is due to too much investment 
[ 137099 ] Partneship is also good , the risk can be shared equally 
[ 136693 ] Hum ， do you know about this , seems like you need to establish a company 
[ 137099 ] Does the franchise store ask you to organize a corporation ？ 
[ 137099 ] Or is partnership also ok ？ 
[ 136693 ] What to do without organizing a corporation ？ 
[ 137099 ] Taxation may be easier to deal with for a partnership 
[ 137099 ] There will be a business income tax of 25 % for a corporation , pretty high 
[ 136693 ] Oh ， what 's the difference between a partnership and a corporation ？ 
[ 136693 ] I am afraid that without organizing a corporation to open the accounting , and just forming a partnership , someone would have opinions 
[ 137099 ] As for the corporation , everybody would make a financial contribution , and undertake responsibility in the limit of his financial contribution , namely , a limited liability 
The worse case of compensation is to lose the entire investment 
The ordinary partner of a partnership business would assume a unlimited liability 
Undertake responsibility with his entire family possessions 
The financial disclosure has nothing to do with the organization structure 
But a partnership business has no business income taxes , that 's an advantage 
Oh ， that is to say , the liability is limitless ？ 
A partnership is suitable 
Hum ， the ordinary partner would assume an unlimited liability , and also assume the responsibility for business management , and the limited partner would assume a limited liability , but is not be allowed to participate in the operation of business 
I wonder what kind of partnership you form , do all participate in the management 
We a joining them , we would not participate in the management in the first place 
The Franchiser would assign the management team 
We are investors , and we have no speaking right to appointment and dismiss the personnel 
That is a mandatory administration too , the liabilities would be assumed by ordinary partners .... 
I guess , does the franchiser require for the organization structure ? 
They did not say this 
If so , a corporation is good for the sake of safety 
Ah ？ Why ? 
If you would not participate in the operation completely , that is to say , if this revenue and expenditure of franchise store is free from your control , but in the organization structure , you are partners of the franchise store , then the liabilities would be assumed finally by you .
That ’s a huge risk , especially a unlimited liability 
The risk comes from ？ 
For instance , losing out 
The debtee would not ask for the franchiser , but you 
After all , there is a contract relation between the franchiser and you 
It 's not easy to lose out to join in the chain hotel ? 
It ’s not this concept , let ’s put the loss aside 
You entrust them with full powers to manage , the common seal and finance seal and so on are under their control 
I guess , the made - out checks or the likes are also free from your control 
It is said that we have the right of audit 
I wonder , how does your franchiser design the organization structure ? If they are ordinary partners and you are limited partners , that 's no problem for the investment mode 
If you constitute a main body and the mandatory administration is made in the mode of agreement with them , there will be high risk for you 
The auditing right is useless , you can not stare at it all the time , the auditing right is no use if something is wrong 
I do n't know what is written in the agreement , we have n't been that far yet 
You 'd better make the mode clear before the investment ... 
You do remind me , I have n't cared too much about it 
Which franchiser ? 
We are talking with 7 Days 
I examined the contract form 
That 's a commission contract 
That is to say , we must organize a corporation ？ 
A partnership wo n't do ？ 
A partnership is ok but the risk is too high 
What about a self - employed business ？ 
That 's a unlimited liability ... 
The end is when the corporation is lost out ？ 
Yes ， you do not ask the stockholder for compensation , it ’s over after company properties are all paid for compensation 
25 % tax ? That 's too high 
You can register in a development area or where the favorable tax policies are given ... 
Just the income tax ... also stamp duty sales tax or the like 
Merely , the tax is paid in the case that a profit is made 
No taxes for a cooperative enterprise ？ 
You are not charged in case of deficit 
The business income tax will not be charged for a partnership business , the individual income taxes of your partners will be subtracted 
The specific circumstance depends on the charging mode of your Local Tax Bureau . Some Local Tax Bureaus would give you a proportion directly which is called composite tax rate or the like , in despite of configuration of organization 
As for the details , you need to ask your local tax bureau 
So complex ... 
Not necessarily ， these belong to the managerial matters , ask your franchiser to deal with them ... 
If you have a familiar local lawyer , it 's better to let the lawyer follow in ... which can avoid a lot of risk 
Hum ， sure 
Well , you are busy , I ’ll think it over 
At any moment 
Hello 
Are you the promotion manager for 7 Days membership in the East China Region 
Hello 
Yes 
How can I help you ? 
I would like to open a 7 Days franchise 
Where do you want to open a franchise ? Is the place ready ? 
In Zhangqiu City . I 'm investigating properties 
I 'd first like to ask whether there is anyone doing a 7 Days in Zhangqiu .
Can I open a 7 Days franchise in Zhangqiu ? 
Currently , there is not 
Zhangqiu is a top 100 county - level city , so you can open a franchise one 
Oh , that 's good 
Now in addition to finding the property , what else do I need to to prepare ? 
I 've looked at a few places 
How may I address you ? 
My last name is Wang 
Relevant information has been sent to your QQ mailbox . Please check it ! 
I 've got it 
I 'm not particularly clear about this initial process . Could you please answer my questions ? 
Regarding the choice of property , do we find it first and then you examine and verify it ? 
Yes 
If you do n't feel it 's good enough , will you throw out everything , and will we look for something again ? 
In our attachment , it describes the condition of the property you need to find 
There are only Home Inns and Jinjing Inns in the Zhangqiu urban area , and no 7 Days or Hanting Expresses . Going by that , I think it probably will be more advantages if I open a 7 Days franchise 
Thanks for your recognition ! The operating mode of 7 Days may be more suitable 
I 'm downloading the attachment . I 'll contact you if I have any questions . Thanks 
Does the franchiser have requirements for the investors about the form of organization ? 
There are no requirements . It 's all right just to join with a direct - sales mode of management 
It 's fine whether one or more people on your side join us . 7 Days helps with unified management as long as you 're an investor or supervisor , 
Do n't you require investors to set up a company or joint venture ? 
We are now partnering up with several investors 
The authorization letter for printing has been obtained 
I will scan it and send it to you 
I have sent out the original today 
Great , thank you 
OK , thank you 
Do I only need to send the original to you ? 
Wait a moment . I will ask the staff of the printing shop 
OK 
Send it directly to me 
By the way , has n't the printing shop sent us the original of the payment certificate 
? 
When will it be delivered ? 
I will ask right now 
OK 
Wait a minute . I am asking the staff of the printing factory 
Right , 
It is a fax , but it is unknown who sent it 
I am sorry , we did n't coordinate it very well .
Ok , generally we send out the authorization letter of printing only after we have obtained the certificate . The authorization letter for printing was sent out just now . Please check 
Oh gosh . I just lay down in bed and then you came 
Heh heh . I just came back 
Lie down and rest then 
Sigh . I went out and pigged out again today 
I gave you a vibration , there was no sound 
I ate Thai food for lunch , then went and ate Korean food for dinner 
You have n't eaten well at all during these times . You should improve your meals 
I ’m going to wrap dumplings at a classmate 's house tomorrow at noon 
Heh heh . Now this is called living 
This is the life , 
Yeah . Sigh . It ’s really difficult to have a mood like this 
You 're absorbed in your books every day . How can you call that living ? 
Enjoy this rare free time well 
Eat well , rest well 
Let your mood relax 
Okay . I wo n't talk more with you then . I 'm going to lie down in bed 
Okay [ emoticon ] 
I want to buy overshoes !!! 
??? What are these ? 
Those mean rain boots . My shoes are wet , and my feet feel very cold !!! 
Oh , rain boots look very good nowadays .. 
Yes , yes , and they are not expensive ! 
Um , um , let 's buy them together on the Internet .. 
Good , good , that 's exactly what I meant~ 
Um 
My feet say that they are almost frozen to death !!! 
Hey , hey , let me say sorry to her for you 
If saying sorry works , why do we need the police !!! 
I have to at least act like I care 
By the =way , because my feet were so wet , I did n't buy nail polish for you ... 
Never mind 
[ My god | rubbed ] , Zha Zha spoke for me !!! 
Who ? 
...... 
Never mind if you do n't remember ... 
182 ? 
No ... That Zha Zha just got offline like that !!! 
Which one ? ? 
Forget it . Do n't mention it again . I am angry every time it is mentioned ! 
[ Damn | Lean ] 
Lu Kai also speaks to me ... 
Who is Lu Kai ? 
The uncle sitting in front of me ... 
Oh .. 
So have you taken a look at rain boots ? 
No .. I am doing a video chat now 
Well , I will do not disturb you , then~ 
Did you bring the [ iPad | pad ] ? 
Are you there , Aguang ? 
I 'm here . What 's up ? 
Has your unit had a working conference on the combination of sports and education ? 
We have ! 
Can you help me get the speeches by the leadership for my reference ? 
A Qiang 
Are you here ? 
Yes 
Has your company had the meeting of combination of sports and education ? Do you have the leader speech ? 
I have not sorted out 
We have had the meeting 
You should ask Yu Xiao 
Oh 
Ok 
How many projects did you undertake ? 
Maybe 13 
I am not in charge of this section 
Oh 
I am in charge of human resource 
What is Yuxiao 's phone number ? Is it 18660173913 ? 
Yes 
Luye , I like to watch “ the good wife ” . I finished three seasons during the summer break . Now the fourth season just started to come on . Have you seen any ? 
It ’s about stories in a legal office 
Really ? Okay , I ’ll take a look 
But I ca n’t find it . Where do you watch it ? 
On www . verycd . com , you can watch online 
Who are you ? 
Damn it . You do n’t know me ? 
I ’m Wang Qiuguang 
Are n’t you Old Cui ? 
I ’m not her . You added the wrong person . I ’m not her 
Are n’t you Cui Wen ? 
I ’m her colleague 
Ah ? Were the accounts given to you to use ? Is it okay to tell me her QQ number ? Thanks . I ’m her classmate 
Are you doing all right ? 
No 
I understand . There will be many opportunities in the future 
It ’s okay to be sad for a while , but do n’t be sad for too long .
Thank you for your kindness . I ’ll go back to the institute today , but I guess I do n’t have time to meet you 
I ’m obtaining a resignation certificate 
[ emoticon ] You ’re a busy person 
No really . I ’m signing a contract with New Oriental today , so I ’m running between both sides 
[ emoticon ] Okay . Let ’s get together whenever you have time 
Work hard and do n’t think too much .
[ emoticon ] Okay . You are my huge gain in Junzejun ! I ’ll apply for a PhD next . Tao Yuan , no matter where I am , I ’ll remember you 
[ image ] Go female PhD , go 
Do you need me to bring an iphone back for you ? 
Is your kindle still there ? And can you give my phone back to me ? 
I will ! 
Yes 
How about you bringing me back an iphone 5 
Just in time , you help me check =how much it is 
So temporarily I can not answer you =how much it is 
[ Emoticon ] Well , well , you are really a good kid !! 
We have to meet 
Or I send the phone to your mum 
Ok , please send it to my mum , it is still early for me to go back 
In America unlocked iphone 5 on Ebay =is 925 
So do you have to reconsider ? 
There are also 800 and 775 
I think it is a little expensive 
Oh , I ’m here . Have you been busy lately ? 
It ’s all right ! 
The stock market fell into a total mess . Your stock is still very stable .
Very seldom see you 
Do n't talk about it 
The office relocated recently .
Kept on [ taking the elevator | going up and down ] 
I did n't sell when it was high 
Much better than my 757 .
=Back again 
I ’m back again 
This gj is hopeless . Tormented for nothing .
Hoho 
It wo n’t get better without draining investors ' blood and sweat .
Yes 
They want to learn “ the spirit of the congress ” , probably 
Now they are again studying the officially introduced property tax or whatever . Scheming against the commoners all day long .
Yes 
Not coming tomorrow , I ’m required to study the [ 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China | 18 Big ] . [ Fuck | nn 's ] .
Haha 
Old routine 
Looking for a new growth point 
What 's the use ? And [ Wen Jiabao | Chicken Wen ] is still trying to get the commoners to forget about him . Really [ shameless | does n't want face ] .
Haha ! Afraid that others will look for him to [ seek revenge | settle accounts ] 
Yes . Never did one good thing .
The complete retirement of the previous session is to throw away the =burdens 
In the future , Chairman Xi 's days wo n't be easy either .
Is Tutu asleep ? 
I slept for a while and woke up 
Come over here and I 'll go sleep over there 
Why did n't you answer the phone ? 
Is everything okay ? 
I wanted to tell you to hitch up Tutu 's pants for her in the morning , I left in a hurry and was n't able to do it .
Does your belly still ache ? 
I ’m worried . It ’s not gastrointestinal bleeding , is it ? 
You really should pay good attention to it .
The phone was on mute so I did n't hear it 
I turned it off before entering the classroom 
My belly ache was caused by the chilies I ate 
It was alright after I took a dump 
You 'd better go and get a check - up 
I went downstairs for a meal just now 
Do n’t wait till it is serious and too late for regrets 
When it is convenient for you , can you make a trip home to help me look for my Mainland Resident ’s Taiwan Pass ? Check whether it is at home , 
There is a bit of pink on its cover , with the same size as a passport 
Okay , I 'll go back in an hour and call you if I find it . Are you going back to collect it ? 
I 'll go back if it 's at home , and then go directly to Hang Tian Qiao for the formalities 
Alright 
We 'll have a sum - up meeting at half past one this afternoon , so you 'd better come before that 
Or shall I =drop it off with the entrance guard ? 
You can leave it at home if it ’s there , and I 'll go upstairs to take it myself 
Just put it at the doorway 
Okay , I 'll put it on the window sill 
If not , I will look for it in my office again 
Put it at the doorway 
I wo n't enter the house then , I will right after taking it 
Okay 
I 'll go for the visa this afternoon and go home after that , and then pick up Tutu in the evening 
(( Damn you , Tutu , go to sleep ! )) 
I guessed that you were up there 
I know you 
Take a look , what about this bag ? 
A backpack 
Style 's not bad , but the color is n't easy to match 
Little damn donkey , do your work properly 
Do n't waste that so much time for me , it makes me feel guilty 
I went to ask Teacher Lin this morning 
=What did he say ? 
What did he say ? 
Pants 
Teacher Lin said it would be fine to wear one pair of long johns . Now we are wearing two pairs , too many layers , 
If you feel cold , just put on thermal pants directly and cover with a pair of cotton - padded trousers . There are too many layers now .
He asked me to take a look at what the other children were wearing , which were pants with fleece inside . She did n’t think that the way we dressed was comfortable 
And there are also the shoes , mainly the issue of shoelaces , it ’s a concern that the shoelaces will come loose , and trip her up while running 
What Tutu said when she came home is all true 
The kindergarten vests are also not worn anymore . Overcoats are directly worn for outdoor activities , and I was told to bring home the vest .
When we got there this morning , Teacher Liu said that we had finally worn some thick clothing 
Then we should change to clothes with buttons in the front , buy some suitable shoes and change a pair of cotton - padded trousers 
The question is , why did n't the teachers communicate with us directly ? 
Nowadays they all let the kids tell their parents back at home . Every kid will have problems , so it 's impossible for them to tell the parents one by one 
It 's also training the kids ' ability 
I found a housekeeping company online and called for prices , a live - in caregiver would cost RMB 2,800 - 3,000 
We pay the caregiver directly 
Is it the market price ? Ask around a little more .
There is n't much work in our house , I feel RMB 2,500 - 2,600 should be fine 
Just asked another one , RMB 2,200 - 2,700 
The salary has something to do with age , experience and education background 
Oh , I made a mistake , a live - in starts from RMB 2,500 and up 
Why do n’t you contact this one ? So what about the colleague ? 
How about the colleague ? 
I have n't talked with the colleague about prices 
I 'd like to first study the market conditions first today and see 
A middle - class live - in would do us fine 
And she need not do ironing or use home appliances 
Is n’t this the one with RMB 2,200 - 2,700 ? 
No , it ’s another one 
I 'll study the market conditions first and then go talk with Na Mingliang 
A big apple really takes some effort to eat 
I ca n’t finish it 
[ Small stomach | the chicken 's stomach and intestines ] 
Eat less for lunch 
I 've had a big breakfast , two pancakes 
a steamed bun 
a bowl of wontons 
two pieces of deep - fried dough cakes 
some pickles 
and an egg which I could not eat 
DUTY FREE 
Duty free 
Haha , that 's creative 
There 's a get - together for our MBA schoolmates and I 'd like to join in .
Go ahead , I just came back 
Tell me early on if you 'd go or not so that I can arrange the dinner 
I 'll go 
OK 
I want to go 
I was on the phone just now , 
So I wrote a character " Go " for you with my left hand 
Go ahead , I can manage with Tutu 
Qiu , can I ask you a question ? The visas for the three of us are all for the end of August , but we are going to America in January . Do we need to renew our visas in August next year ? Because I 've noticed that the period of validity of the visas is one year 
Qiu , can you find out for me the information regarding my child attending kindergarten ? 
Are there any that are free of charge ? If there are n't , how much does it cost ? 
Some basic information 
Four years old 
You have n't been to bed yet ? 
Someone came cadging a meal -- and ate a chicken leg and a stewed hard - boiled egg I had .
I 'm just about to go to bed . I 'll send you a message again tomorrow or the next day .
What time is it where you are ? 
OK , go to sleep then 
It 's late enough 
23:46 
(( Receive )) 
It ’s the resume of Liu Jianbin 
[ OMG | Faint ] 
I was n’t here just now 
Did Sun Hui send it to you ? 
Not yet 
Brother Wei , I ’ll go over to your place one more time in the next few days 
Are you still in Weidong ? 
[ I am | zai ] 
Make it cheaper when you go . It ’s 0.6 at other places 
Heh heh , I really ca n’t do 0.6 here 
When I was reading the newspaper , it was said that some places can do 0.6 
Most will be 0.7 or 0.8 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
Are you not playing ? I have n't been online as I 'm having a test on Friday 
It 's so hard I 'm almost dying 
No people , no motivation 
Did you quit playing ? 
With me alone , =no motivation 
Are you there ? 
Teacher Wang , I just came over 
OK , I will come over right away 
Teacher Zhao said if you want to go over , just directly go to Teacher Yu . The problem occurred at his place . There is no need to go to Wang Yufeng .
Teacher Wang , we inquired about it yesterday . It is said that they seemed to have decided on a male graduate from Zhejiang University who majored in organic chemistry 
Have they had a trial speech ? If no trial speech was done yet , it 's still okay to try it 
No trial speech was done 
We will go there tomorrow morning 
to try again 
Right 
Are you there ? 
I am Guo Wei 
Um um 
Senior schoolmate , just send it to my mailbox 
I ca n't send it . The internet is too slow 
Um , OK . I want to ask whether this commendation meeting is held by the Electrical College or =(( City College )) ? 
(( City College )) 
Electrical College 
Oh , OK 
Er , Um 
I will send it to you soon . I can only do a voice recording . I am too busy recently 
I am sorry 
Um 
And , what ’s more , a four star hotel near our company 
Hongguang Hotel 
Is it close to Yellow Crane Tower ? 
It ’s close 
Our offices are close to Yellow Crane Tower 
Right in Wuchang 
And the Hongguang Hotel is close to our company 
It ’s very convenient 
So do you only want to go to Yellow Crane Tower ? 
Someone recommended the Kailaixi Hotel and Sunsky New Jingchu Hotel to =me 
Right 
We ’re just going to one sight 
Where are they ? 
I ’m meeting a relative tonight 
I ’ve never heard of them 
You have relatives in Wuhan , too ? 
My cousin 
Oh 
He says it ’s near Yellow Crane Tower 
Only 288 
Very cheap 
I ’ve calculated 
It ’s also very close 
Where exactly ? 
456 Jiefang Road , Wuchang District 
I ’ll take you and your father to lunch on Sunday 
There ’s no need 
This luxury room only costs 288 
I think it ’s OK 
Mm 
The Kailaixi Hotel ? 
It ’s at Simenkou 
Wuhan ’s old business district , but it has declined till now 
I know the place 
Is it not good ? 
Very close to Hubu Alley 
That would be OK , too 
It ’s a fun area 
In the morning I can take your parents to Hubu Alley for breakfast 
It ’s a Wuhan specialty 
Mm 
OK 
I ’ve brought my whole family 
Mm 
Are you all going on a trip to Guangzhou ? 
I ’ll take you out for a meal , 
Sunday noon 
We ’re staying two days in Dongguan , 2 days in Hong Kong , 1 day in Macau , 1 day in Zhuhai 
Lucky 
OK 
Lunch 
OK 
So , ask which hotels are your company ’s for me 
Three star 
Close to Yellow Crane Tower 
Just book us into that one of yours 
There is no elevators in ours 
That ’s no good 
It might be hard for your parents to go up 
Never mind 
OK 
That one of yours is very close as well 
I know the loation 
I ’ll book that one , then 
I ’ll take you for lunch , Sunday 
OK 
We ’ll go to Yellow Crane Tower in the morning 
You can make lunch a bit late 
OK 
That ’s agreed , then 
In the evening we ’ll eat with my cousin 
And we ’ll leave the next evening 
Mm 
Oh , year , Have you booked your hotel ? 
Not yet 
Do n’t bother booking 
Let me know if you know anything 
Stay at a hotel near my place 
My husband came back from a business trip yesterday . I told him that my college friend was coming with his entire family 
What did he say 
He said to stay in their company ’s hotel 
You wo n’t have to pay 
He will sort it out 
Their company ’s hotel is pretty good 
So he ’s paying 
There ’s an elevator , and it ’s easy to find somewhere to eat 
Do n’t worry about that 
Do n’t do that 
But he ’s very good to you 
Why not ? 
I ca n’t let you pay 
He ’s a department head , he has an entertainment budget every year 
You ’re a guest , too 
Do n’t worry about it , anyway 
OK 
I ’ll give you the address once it ’s booked 
Two double rooms , one night on the 2nd 
OK 
The hotel is very close to Wuhan Railway Station , too 
Haha 
And it ’s not far from Yellow Crane Tower 
Not far 
And I can let him know 
How far can it be in Wuchang 
This time you see me you will definitely find that I ’ve aged a lot 
It does n’t matter 
I ’m still older , even if it does matter 
It ’s a fact 
No - one can avoid it 
Mm , me too 
You only want to go to Yellow Crane Tower ? 
Do you want to go to Guiyuan Temple ? 
It depends , we could go to two sights 
He says he ’ll arrange a tour guide for you , to take you around the sights 
We will take a taxi , how shall we take them ? 
Order two cars 
Otherwise you wo n’t be able to find the place easily 
OK 
Then it ’s agreed . Sunday lunchtime we ’ll go back to the hotel for lunch . He and I will treat your family 
OK 
Are you at work ? 
Mm 
What time are you getting to Wuhan on Sunday 
We will arrive at 7 o’clock 
I will contact you when I am in the hotel 
Should we go to the hotel first or go first to Hubu Alley , a bit of a special place to have breakfast 
Go to the hotel first 
You ’ll have luggage 
This time my parents want to go to Guangdong to stay for a while 
OK 
# # says he ’s arranged a car to pick you up from the station 
Then the car will take you to see the sights 
He ’s hired a tour guide to go with you 
That ’s too much 
Stay with you throughout the =trip 
High officials from Beijing get the same treatment when they come 
So that you do n’t right click me every time 
Suggestion 
It ’s your home turf , you ’re in charge 
That ’s right 
Haha 
He went on a business trip two days ago , I thought he could n’t get back for Sunday , but he came back early yesterday 
So it ’s all easy 
You have n’t bought your train tickets to Guangzhou , have you ? 
Do you want to buy them in advance ? 
I ’ll buy it when the time comes 
No need 
That would be OK , too 
Once you buy them you ’re a bit stuck 
It ’s fine to buy them at the station 
The East Lake Lijing Hotel ( formerly the Huazhong Electrical Hotel ) 
Above is the hotel you ’ll stay in 
We ’ve booked two rooms 
Double rooms 
It has an elevator 
Whose name do we give when we arrive 
Your parents are elderly 
Not so convenient 
If it ’s just you , then we wo n’t pick you up 
I ’ll give you the driver when the time comes 
You send a text message to me =with your train number and arrival time 
Is it Wuchang station ? 
I ’ll give you the driver ’s number in time , when you arrive get straight in touch with the driver 
Mm 
Is there anyone else you want to see in Wuhan ? 
My cousin , we ’ll have dinner with him 
I know that 
Is there anyone else you want to see ? 
No 
There are a lot of people you could see 
Are n’t you going to see that something - jiao ? 
That teacher at SCUT 
If you are n’t going to be jealous , I ’ll see her . I ’ll meet up with her in the evening on my own 
Haha 
You should go and meet up , then 
Are you taking your parents to Hong Kong ? 
They have n’t done the paperwork 
Oh 
My parents will go to my sister ’s house this time 
In future they wo n’t come to Beijing so much 
But my parents are quite elderly . In future every year I ’ll accompany them as they travel back and forth 
Now I ’m leaving , I do feel as though I ’ll miss it 
Right 
You ’re a good son 
It ’s the least I can do 
When I ’m with them I often get impatient 
I ’m not mature enough 
Haha 
You ’ve left , so now you miss it , right ? 
Hehe 
When will you come to Beijing ? 
I do n’t know 
My managers are concerned that my kid is still young 
So they do n’t usually send me on trips 
Next time they ’re assigning trips , you should be more forward 
OK 
If time allows , let ’s go around Guiyuan Temple and Yellow Crane Tower 
There are n’t really any other places 
OK , I ’ll take your advice 
The incense smoke is really thick at Guiyuan Temple=The Guiyang Temple is really prosperous .
I ’m going to shake a fortune stick 
Mm 
Ask them about your fortune in love and business 
What are you laughing at ? 
You ’re very happy 
Your husband thinks a lot of you 
Really ? 
That ’s right 
Right 
Hehe 
I ’m quite nice to him , too 
It ’s mutual 
He ’s doing these things for you , is n’t he , to make you happy 
Are n’t I making you happy ? 
He ’s very good to his friends 
That ’s just because your parents are coming 
Traveling is hard for elderly people 
When I came to Beijing , you took me around for three days , did n’t you ? 
Very grown up 
Do n't you have any classes ? 
No 
What 's up ? 
Is your baby healthy ? 
He is healthy 
How about your son ? 
Is he going to preschool ? 
He 's often gotten sick lately 
He is only just over two years old 
He 's had fevers , vomiting , and diarrhea 
It 's winter now . You need to pay more attention to health 
Yeah 
How is the feeling of being a dad ? 
You definitely are a good dad 
It 's very good 
Now I 'm full of responsibility 
Heh heh . I knew you would be like this 
How is his eating ? 
It is slowly adjusting 
Are n't you busy now ? 
No. I 'm done with the whole year 's stuff 
That 's so good . I feel like work is endless here 
Do n't you just give classes ? 
Giving classes is just one - third of the workload 
How about evaluation ? 
Are you the Outstanding Teacher again this year ? 
Different professions are separated as if by mountains 
No. 
Being the head of the teaching and research group and a Class Adviser , and studying English , not including a hodgepodge of other things 
Who is looking after your son ? 
His paternal grandpa and grandma 
His maternal grandpa and grandma on the weekends 
Oh , that 's the exact opposite of us 
If my parents were here and were healthy , I would be the same as your family 
Yeah . How old are your parents ? 
Yeah . The main thing is that my mother 's health is not that good 
What kind of illness ? Did n't she go to the hospital to see a doctor ? 
Let 's not talk now . I 'm going to watch the exercises 
Brother Guang 
? 
Do you have time this Saturday ? I ’ll take a look and try to arrange things for you 
Is it the morning or the afternoon of Saturday ? I guess I wo n’t have time in the morning but probably it ’ll be okay in the afternoon . Where is it ? 
Let ’s go out at noon – go out right after lunch , eating early . Zhang Ke has to go to the provincial training base 
I 'll call you once I have arranged everything . I 'll go there directly and wait for you 
It ’ll probably be Qihe 
Where is Qihe ? 
You cross the Yellow River and that ’s it 
Oh 
I guess I can only have time in the afternoon 
After you cross the Yellow River , it ’s 308 National Road 
I ’ll take you to play Red Bed 
And take you to play Sling 
I do n’t know how 
It ’s totally awesome 
If you do n’t play , you ’ll =never know how 
How many months ? 
5 [ emoticon ] 
Do you look pregnant ? 
I do 
How many months is your baby ? 
He must be big 
He ’s just reached three months 
It ’s obvious that people who are a dad are different – you can guess right away 
How ’s the feeling of being a dad ? 
I feel quite good , quite tired , and I ’m =full of a sense of responsibility 
Full 
Now I am very frightened 
I do n’t know if the baby will be healthy or not 
I ca n’t communicate with him 
Heh heh . Talk to your own belly 
It ’ll be okay after the baby is born and you see the healthy baby 
Morning 
Are you at work ? 
Yes 
I hear that you are not in good health lately ? 
At what time are you going to work in the afternoon ? I am going to give you the gas receipts , 
it 's not necessary now 
I asked my colleagues for them 
and have already got enough 
Yes , a little . I was thinking of giving them to you even when I was getting a shot in Hospital 7 a few days ago , but I really had no energy to run the errand 
Are you feeling any better ? 
Call me , I can also bring you meals to eat 
If you wanted it urgently , why did n't you call me ? 
You said it was n't urgent last time so I did n't pay much attention . If you want them next time , tell me directly . I do n't have any place to get reimbursement anyway 
Later on my colleagues had them 
I just did n't bother 
Never mind 
Are you better now ? 
A little better , and you ? I heard from Shi Wei that you are also sick . Are you getting any better ? 
Better now 
Continue taking traditional Chinese medicine . I am also taking traditional Chinese medicine , 
There is a supernaturally good traditional Chinese medicine doctor . Every day many people come to see him . He only feels the pulse , and you do n't have to brief him on your medical conditions . Then you listen to him explaining your problems 
Take your time nourishing your body . I am already old , and all problems come up 
Hey , you should take good care of yourself 
It 's quite tiring taking care of a kid , right ? 
Alone 
Yes , we all need to pay attention to our health . If we collapse , nobody will take care of kids . Once kids grow up , it will be fine . Let 's slowly look forward to it 
Yes 
Come over to get your kettle when you get your salary 
I ’ll get there in a minute 
Did you finish eating ? 
I ate 
Wo n’t you take a nap ? 
What ’s up ? 
I ’ll sit for a while 
Did the leadership mention about when you ’ll be converted into a regular employee ? 
No 
It ’ll be soon 
Have you heard anything ? 
It should be at the end of the year or at the beginning of next year 
Did the leadership say it ? 
I asked for the information indirectly 
It ’s not official news 
Who did you ask for ? 
You seem to be earlier than Little Bi 
He has n’t graduated yet , right ? 
Soon he will 
Yeah , so you are earlier 
I have something to discuss with you 
I want see what you think 
Say it 
I have some people who want to learn how to play tennis and are looking for a coach . Can you teacher them during non-business hours ? 
It ’s hard to see after I go over . I also have classes at night 
Practice three times a day ? 
Jiang Junan wants to practice at night 
Just himself ? 
Yeah , others are in the daytime 
He is giving more to himself 
No. So extreme 
It is n’t necessary 
I ’ll give more to him when he has time at night 
The Provincial Sports Meeting is important 
If it ’s just him , ca n’t he just be subordinated to your readjustment ? 
The Provincial Sports Meeting is important , but making money is also important 
You can make the best of both worlds 
The kid is quite good 
The main thing is that I do n’t have time 
It ’ll be easy if it ’s only him practicing at night . If I find three more people to come , it ’ll be fine 
What do you think ? 
It depends . I ’m afraid the leadership wo n’t agree 
It ’s practice anyway . How ca n’t the leadership agree ? 
Are n’t they our players ? 
It can be worked out 
It depends on what the leadership thinks 
I mean , if you have time , I ’ll find site trainees , you just take charge of training , and it ’ll be fine 
It does n't necessarily have to be at our courts 
I ’ll take a look at the schedule and decide after I go back to the sports school 
Okay 
Are n’t you be able to come back soon ? 
Can I go back this weekend ? 
Today is already Friday and the leadership did n’t say 
Yeah , let ’s talk about it after I go back 
This is just my initial thought . It ’s enough that you know it , and you must not tell others 
I know 
Do you think it is feasible ? 
It mainly depends on the schedule 
Yeah , there will be time if you adjust it well 
Training time has to be ensured 
Yeah , that ’s for sure . We ca n’t delay the work 
Could coaches teach private classes in their spare time ? 
I ’ve never heard Chen Yan teaching . He is not short of money 
Okay . See what the leadership says 
If the leadership knows , I guess most likely we ca n’t do it 
Let ’s talk about it later then 
Okay 
I ’m going to bed 
Okay , rest 
Are you there ? 
I just checked plane tickets , I 'm getting ready for a trip from 12 / 25 - 1 / 4 , the plane ticket costs 245 each way , do you want to go ? 
This is to Houston 
The 25th to the 4th is a little long , I 'm going back to China on January 15th , and I 'm taking off 11 days before that , so I ca n't clear it with work 
Actually I do n't want to go for too long , but the tickets are cheaper during this time , the others are over three hundred 
11 days , it 's really a little too long 
Actually I want to go from 5 to 7 days 
Yea , that 's what I want too 
Then see if there are any more suitable plane tickets 
OK , we 'll all look 
Jiji 
You lazy guy 
What did I do now ? 
Do n't worry about anything else now , come have a smoke 
Nothing , when do you guys go on vacation ? 
Over one month , it should be around January 10th 
Oh , earlier than me . Come find me when the time comes 
Where are you going to school ? 
My goodness .
... 
You lazy guy .
Have n't I told you many times ? 
I forgot 
Shandong University of Art and Design 
So incredible 
... 
Is it great at Shandong University of Art and Design ? 
It 's alright , I have to get up every morning at six to work out 
You 're still running ? 
We all stopped 
We still have two weeks 
Your school never quits until the last day 
Yea , the end of the world ca n't stop my working out [ expression ] 
Found a partner yet ? 
No. 
We 're all still single now 
Too busy 
So busy I 'm running around in circles 
Me too 
I 'm a class leader 
Ah , me too .
Feiming is also a class leader 
Class leader , plus the students ' association 
Our class leaders ca n't joint the students ' association 
They say they will be too busy 
Ours allows it .
I 'm a class leader and in the arts department .
What arts do you have ? 
Organization [ expression ] 
Organizing women ? 
We have a women 's day party on Tuesday evening 
We have lots of programs 
Yea , we organize all of the activities [ expression ] 
You 're relying on this party to find a partner ? 
My goodness . No 
Haha 
Too much effort 
I 'm just responsible for performing , I do n't do any of the planning 
The women 's department does that 
Do you want me to take part in the women 's department head roll call ? Haha 
Yea , yea . We have a women 's department 
I 'm making a dorm badge 
Every dorm has to have a dorm badge 
And has to compete 
OK , such trouble 
Troublesome 
Yea 
I thought about it all afternoon 
I 'm going out to eat , meeting people [ expression ] 
Good luck 
Haha 
You 've been cursed by me 
What curse ? 
Look at your QQ Show 
[ expression ] broken .
... 
You 're not asleep ? 
... 
Everyone 's asleep 
Writing the plan . Boohoo 
OK .
OK , you work then 
When I chat with you it 's never you [ expression ] 
Haha , when ? Did n't we talk two days ago ? 
A lot of times . OK 
OK 
Did you listen to those years ? 
Maybe my roommate was using it 
I listened 
Oh , I thought it sounded good .
Boohoo 
Yea 
I 'll work on the plan first [ expression ] 
OK 
... 
Let 's go take that photo on the 16th of this month 
Sure 
Got it 
Who are you bringing ? 
Bringing little sis ? 
? 
Little sis wo n't go for sure 
If you do n't bring little sis , I 'll find someone else [ expression ] 
Why do n't you bring both sisters together ? [ expression ] 
Who are you going to find ? 
You do n't know them 
Rong Li ? 
No 
I 'm not familiar with that person .
[ expression ] Then who ? 
I can just find someone else who I 'm on good terms with . Do I have to bring a partner ? [ expression ] 
Then what theme would you two use ? 
We can pretent to be lovers 
sure 
I can find someone else 
It could also be someone who is a friend 
Yea . You decide .
If you 're not bringing little sis , I 'll start looking for someone [ expression ] 
I 'll depend on you 
You ask little sis .
Anyway , I asked big sis , big sis is n't going 
Right . We also have to prepare our own clothes , the lazy guy 's .
[ expression ] They do n't provide clothes ? 
No 
Really ? 
What if little sis goes ? 
I do n't know , in any case I ca n't bring big sis 
In the worst case you could bring Han Jing [ expression ] 
[ expression ] I just thought of finding her 
Then I 'll find someone else 
OK , you look .
I 'll find someone else 
I 'll find another 
I might find a sophomore 
Why do n't I go alone ? 
I 'll ask Xu Rongli 
Lately I 've been working to build relationships .
Do you know Chen Muhui ? 
From building 
I do n't know him 
OK . Pretend I did n't say anything 
[ expression ] What ? 
Nothing ... see who you can bring [ expression ] 
[ expression ] I 'll go alone 
[ expression ] Do n't .
That will make me look very bad 
Oh , you mean Northeastern is vocational ? 
Mm . I have n't seen exactly whether their courses are joined up , but they are definitely vocational 
I 've see that they have two types , one type is all classroom - based , in the other between 10 - 20 % is a graduate thesis .
If you want to do a doctorate , choose the second type , but if you 're thinking about getting a job , everyone tends to take the first .
Because you need experience and time to practice your oral language , and to find an internship 
Right ! I nearly chose the second option ... 
Unconsciously I thought pure classroom courses and no thesis would mean more to learn .
It 's true , you do learn more professional knowledge by doing than by taking classes 
But I think that your aim in coming here is n't to learn professional knowledge , so I personally would lean towards the first option 
Mm , that 's a good reason 
I do n't want to do technical stuff forever , so I 'm worried about going to very theoretical schools ... 
Little Bao , it is getting increasingly cold in China . I wonder how the weather is in your place , 
You 're sensitive to cold weather , so wear more when it is cold , and take care of yourself ! 
Um , um . It is quite warm here . The heating of the apartment is very good . How are you recently ? 
I am fine . It is near the end of term now . The painful exams have begun 
I have also =entered the end term . Are the projects and other things successful ? 
I do n't have many laboratory projects now . I have just decided on the subject , so I am not very busy . You must be very busy there ! 
Haha , I came to my sister 's home today 
Just fine . I snatch a little leisure from a busy life . After this week , it will be a little better . Do you usually go out to play ? 
You are online ! 
Yes 
Is n't it twelve o'clock in the midnight there ? Ha ha 
It 's 11 o'clock , but I can not sleep tonight . There will be a presentation rehearsal tomorrow 
I rarely go out . The girls around me are all relatively academic . They stay in the laboratory all day long . I ca n't find any companion to go out with 
But will go out to play in the winter holiday 
If you are going to Shanghai in two years , just let me know . I will welcome you ! [ emoticon ] 
[ God | Faint ] . Probably in one year 
Make sure to do a good job with your so - called presentation 
=Oh , right ! It does n't matter . =Anyway , as long as I am in Shanghai , just let me know [ emoticon ] 
I ca n't read the group - chat records ? 
Your records ca n't be read ? 
I wanted to take a look at the group - chat records for Little Tutu and could n't get through , it said the system was upgrading 
You mean the records of the kindergarten group ? 
Right 
Can you read them ? 
I 'm busy now , will find time to copy it for you 
No records for today 
But I can read those of previous chats 
I have n't been able to read them at all 
Does n't matter 
Do n't need to copy it for me 
Okay 
We at the excellent department have been awarded 800 yuan 
I ’ll save it to buy you Christmas present 
Do you have any plans for tomorrow evening ? 
Nope 
It 's the best memory being with you [ face ] 
Did n't you say that I 'd accompany Tutu ? Why did you go to sleep over there ? 
You did n't sleep well last night 
I 'm coming 
Ignoring me ? Then I 'll go sleep instead .
Have you seen the anniversary gift I gave you ? 
An email ? 
Signature is a spiritual gift , and email is a gift of =ignorance 
Material gift 
I have n't paid attention to it yet 
Just saw it 
You may ask me if you ca n't understand [ face ] 
The message from Jiamusi said she would n't come until after the Spring Festival 
Then we 'd make do with it . The elder lady can work for a while if she 's willing to take the job 
I called another classmate and he has gone to find one 
What does this traffic sign mean ? 
No entry 
Did you go back home at noon ? 
Yes , Tutu was fine 
But I do n’t know if she ’ll sleep or not today 
No idea if she slept or not this afternoon 
It ’s rather windy today , freezing 
Hum , it ’s colder at noon than in the morning 
Do you want me to buy anything in Taiwan ? 
Nothing for the time being 
You ’ve got no money to spend but you ’re still caring about me , so moving 
I have money , who told you I do n’t ? You just gave me some , hehe 
Hehe , this little sum could barely buy anything 
[ Emoticon ] This is all I have in my pocket , how can you say it ’s a little sum ? 
I ’ll give you 1,000 yuan first , another 1,000 yuan will have to wait for a while 
Buy some five - finger gloves 
Alright 
Do you know you should buy them ? 
Just got it , I remember I ’ve bought some 
Go home and look for them 
Go and buy on Taobao , along with a hair - washing chair 
When the hair - washing chair comes , do n't take it home if my parents are in 
Okay 
Take it home after they leave 
Let ’s listen to music together and share the music we love . It is required for communication of the heart 
I feel there ’s less heart communications between us 
Yes , you only go look for e - friends to communicate every day [ emoticon ] 
It ’s not like that 
It ’s the others taking initiative to chat with me first 
I can only listen to music after work 
I ’ve got no mood to listen at work 
I feel like being a thief listening to music now 
Out of condition 
I ’d send you something helpful to improve your efficiency , which can calm your heart after listening . You are a leader , what are you afraid of ? 
My heart is not calm at all 
Being a leader means setting myself as an example to others , otherwise how can I manage the subordinates ? 
I officially announced that I ’ve got cold 
I do n’t know if it was infected from the Children ’s Hospital 
It ’s cold , I ’m wearing my overcoat and taking a sunbath in Lao Feng 's seat 
I ’m here wondering if you are feeling better ? 
My throat begins to ache , too 
The sun is also lukewarm 
Can you go back home for some medicine at noon ? 
Okay 
I took some Shuang Hua this morning 
I had some bee glue 
[ Making an effort at the last moment | grasp at Buddha 's feet at the time of trouble ] 
It ’s somewhat helpful , too [ emoticon ] Better late than never 
I just took [ Compound Asiatic Moonseed ， Paracetamol and Chlorphenamine Maleate Tablets | Fu Fang Bei Dou Gen An Fen Na Min Pian ] 
And I ’ll take some Chinese traditional medicine back home at noon 
It depends , this is Chinese traditional medicine 
Have something hot for lunch 
Drink plenty of hot water 
China Merchants Bank has once provided me with Mobile Banking service , but I 've never used it 
Then we wo n’t apply for it 
I ’ve seen this qualified 
He said he wanted intra-city transaction 
What does it mean ? 
I said I ’d seen something like this 
The man who ’s selling on the website said only intra-city buyers were accepted for the business 
He seems to be in Dalian , so we ca n’t buy from him 
Then we need to find some more sellers 
He ’s in Beijing 
Look around a little more . I ca n’t log in 
Hum ? How come I see he ’s in Dalian ? 
Oh , he ’s in Beijing 
Shall we buy ? Do you care if it ’s second - hand ? 
Take it , I do n’t care 
They are in Chaoyang District , we can go get it ourselves if it ’s close , to save shipping cost 
The telephone number is a vacant one 
Search hair - washing chairs in Taobao 
Look for Beijing sellers 
We get fast delivery this way 
Do you want me buy it ? 
I can only make it tomorrow if you want me to buy it 
I ca n’t log in 
How did you log in QQ ? 
I applied for it 
Why ca n’t I get online ? 
I ca n’t log in Taobao 
I saw a same one that ’s new for RMB 178 
It 's been forbidden by your company 
I do n’t have a Taobao account 
Cash on delivery is available for intra-city business , or contact the seller for on - site pickup , free of shipping cost 
I called the other one just now , her chair has been sold . I asked if it was easy to use and she said it worked very well 
The style is the same as the one you gave me at first 
Let ’s buy this style . I ’ve seen many other ones , but I ’m afraid they are not easy to use 
Are you feeling better from the cold ? 
Okay , it 's been hard on you . I ’m alright , just a little sleepy 
I ’m also sleepy 
I ’ll accompany Tutu tonight , go to bed early 
I read last night till a bit late , and even woke up at midnight 
I ’ve seen it 
Is that Qianqian beside you ? 
Zhao Yunxi ’s kid 
I ’ll go sleep now in case Tutu does n't sleep well at midnight 
Do n’t read any more 
Had breakfast ? 
All of you 
Mm 
Go down to check out before half past eleven in the morning 
Mm 
Just hand your key cards in at the front desk 
You can take the fruit in the rooms with you to eat on the way . It was sent by # # 
OK , very thoughtful 
He will come at eleven o’clock to have lunch with you 
I ’m not coming 
OK 
When you check out , take your luggage down and put it in the car before having lunch , OK ? 
Did you get that ? 
I ’m on the high speed train 
Thanks 
You ’ve said that N times 
When are you coming for a holiday in Beijing ? 
I do n’t know 
There are n’t many people , I bet 
It ’s alright 
Do you want me to buy anything for you in Hong Kong ? 
Hehe , no need , thanks 
Are you in Hong Kong yet ? 
Going tomorrow 
Oh 
Lucky .
You can take a holiday 
I have a 15 - day - leave a year 
So do I 
But they do n’t approve us taking leave 
Every year I do n’t get to take all my leave . My boss is very stingy 
Ours is worse 
Every time I ask for leave it ’s like I ’ve done something wrong 
Haha 
Yes 
Yesterday were your parents alright ? 
On the train 
Great 
No travel sickness 
Haha , that ’s good then 
You ’re a good son 
When do you go to Beijing 
My attitude is n’t very good 
I ’m not really a good son 
When I get the chance 
Haha 
Your mum is talkative 
Yesterday # # said your mum talked with him for a long time 
You ’re still upstairs , you have n’t come down 
Haha 
Mm 
My mum went to college at Yongxin Teachers College 
He Guotang was my mum ’s teacher 
No wonder she ’s a good talker 
She was my grandfather and grandmother ’s only child . My surname is the same as hers , while my three sisters have the same surname as my dad 's 
My dad went to college in Nanchang . He used to work in Shangrao , then got transferred to Yongxin 
Hehe 
But your wife is great , too 
She ’s very good to your parents 
(( I wo n’t compromise on issues of principle )) 
Haha 
She is really great 
She ’s OK 
She ’s very generous 
So both her and my parents all like living in Beijing 
In future if your company sends you to Beijing , will you take the opportunity ? 
You ’ll take me out for a good dinner , right ? 
I can not get used to the climate in Beijing at all 
It ’s too dry 
Actually , you take me =to the National Center for the Performing Arts to see a production 
Sure 
OK 
Have you seen one ? 
I ’ve seen one 
Next time I ’ll take you 
We have a conference there these two days 
So people were given tickets to see a performance at the National Center for the Performing Arts 
Do you want me to take you ? 
It would be fine 
To go and see a performance 
Are n’t you worried about your wife checking up on you ? 
I ’m a good boy 
Do n’t you believe me ? 
I do n’t entirely believe it 
You ’re not credible 
Hehe 
So I wo n’t go with you 
Is it not allowed for you to go with me to watch a performance ? 
If you ’re not going with me then forget it 
It ’s OK 
Would n’t you be fed up with me ? 
No 
OK then 
OK what ? 
Are n’t you quite happy ? Why would you [ think bad thoughts | think this and think that ] 
I do n’t know 
It ’s fine as long as we do n’t do anything inappropriate 
What do n’t you know ? 
You asked why , I said I do n’t know either 
It seems men at this age are dangerous 
I would n’t 
Hehe 
(( Treat each situation on its own merits , be a good person , be able to find the key point and ignore everything else )) 
He will be a more senior official and make more money 
I make less than you 
Much less 
But I ’m good at getting things done 
You do n’t know how much I make 
I respect you a lot 
You make at least 10 times than what I do , do n’t you ? 
Your annual salary is 20,000 ? [ smiley ] 
You can use money to make money 
We just make money and spend money 
We do n’t know how to use money to make money 
He has got the shrewdness of people from Hubei 
Haha 
Mm 
But I am lacking in this respect 
I ’m rather reserved 
How come you ’re not saying anything ? 
Are you going to Hong Kong for shopping or for pleasure ? 
I ’m talking 
Holiday 
Do n’t you want me to buy something ? 
No need 
We ’re going to go in the summer holidays next year 
Mm 
Two days taking the kid for fun , one day of shopping for us 
Mm 
Why do n’t you chat in the group ? 
There is no - one says anything 
I ’m talking 
I ’m not busy today 
Chatting with you 
Usually I ’m very busy 
I ca n’t get many things done at the same time 
Mm 
Today you ’ve done well 
Haha 
At last , a word of praise 
Speak 
What shall I say ? 
Are n’t you busy ? 
Not bad 
Not a lot to do 
I ’m just taking my time working through it 
Mm 
No rush 
It ’s not like it used to be . Things were freer before 
Mm 
Sister Li ? 
Here 
Oh , accept this 
Got it 
OK , take a look , there 's still a lot that needs revising .
OK 
I 'll take a look first 
OK , you take a look , I found this online , do n't have much time 
OK 
That 
Huh ? 
Which ? 
Wait a moment 
Sent 
Did you add her ? 
No 
Just directly =ask him 
Ask 
I wo n't add her 
What is it ? 
Nothing .
Do n't you have his number ? 
I do , you two did n't communicate ? 
Not very well [ expression ] 
OK , the two of us know him 
Right , but the debate competition needs specific communication .
How did you two meet ? [ expression ] 
Not telling you 
... OK ... a secret you ca n't tell [ expression ] 
You are under him , I 'll give you all an opportunity [ expression ] 
[ expression ] OK , actually we communicate a lot 
Haha , might as well a little more , I can directly find her if I have a problem 
Haha , I wo n't play around any more , look at what I sent , I 'll look again and get a detailed one ready 
OK 
Take a rest soon 
Yea , OK , good luck Sister Li 
OK , good luck to us both ! 
Yea [ expression ] 
I 'm getting off 
OK , you go , sister Li 
Goodnight 
Goodnight .
Sister Yuan , how is our class cross-talk sketch coming ? 
I added a few jokes , then it can be performed 
Look at the cross-talk sketch we rehearsed , and it should be clear what we are lacking when you compare them 
Yea , compare your deskmate with you ? 
Hers was more moving , more closer to our lives 
Yea , how many programs can we have this time ? 
At least get rid of one .
OK . Not ours , right ? [ expression ] 
No , keep practicing 
OK , they did n't attend class this afternoon . They practiced all afternoon [ expression ] 
Yes , clearly an improvement over what we saw last night .
Just try hard and you will have results , we will be able to see it .
Yea , keep working hard [ expression ] 
Sister Yuan . Look at this debate draft .
OK 
I found it in Baidu Wenku .
I revised it a bit .
I want your final revision 
OK 
Alright 
Hello , have our overalls been finished ? 
? 
Are you there ? 
How are the overalls being completed ? 
Hello 
They will be finished soon 
OK . Notify me when they are done .
I 'm sorry 
We are not in a hurry . Be sure to make them beautiful for us 
Thank you for your time 
You are welcome .
Slow work yields fine products .
Hey - hey 
We are not in a hurry 
OK , I will let you know when they are done 
Is it convenient for you to print over there ? Can you help me with printing ? 
Now ? 
Oh , okay . Have a good rest 
Go to bed early . You seem to start to pull yourself together 
Good job 
I ’m really going to bed 
[ emoticon ] Okay . Have a good sleep 
I went to the bathroom when you called me just now 
Good night , M [ emoticon ] 
Do you have to work overtime today ? 
It ’ll probably be a little bit better 
I ’m planning to go back after 6 o’clock 
Show it 
Pretty 
Hee hee 
Are you getting married ? 
We 'll get our marriage certificate this month 
We 'll arrange the wedding reception the year after next 
Oh , that 's great 
Do you have any new changes in your life lately ? 
Mmm ... I plan to settle down 
I [ do n't have | wood have ] any . I still work overtime , and Li Jian still goes on business trips 
You settled down happily long ago [ emoticon ] 
I resigned and came out of the law firm , and now I 'm teaching at the New Oriental 
New Oriental , a good place 
I imagine the work is just very tiring 
I think life is hard . And I quit the glorious profession , so I will be treated with [ disdain | white eyes ] 
In fact , I was a little surprised - why would you want to resign ? 
I think that if you made the decision , you had definitely thought about it clearly . Do n't be too concerned about the opinions of others 
Have you always trusted me so much ? [ emoticon ] 
Without a doubt 
I actually think the trip to Changsha was fortunate , to make such good friend as you 
It 's very difficult to find a job 
It 's not bad to settle down . If you carry too much stuff on your shoulders , you will collapse and get broken in the end 
What happened ? 
Nothing . It 's hard to say clearly . Now I have become unable to say anything clearly ! [ emoticon ] 
Why did you resign from the previous company ? 
Maybe I 'm the same character as Ziling ? I do n't want to strive for first place , but just want to fall in love 
And I have to pretend I have a lot of money 
There is no future 
There is no harm in quitting if you are not happy at work . Anyway , your life is for you to live , not for others to look at 
And I think you 're suited to being a teacher 
The atmosphere of New Oriental is relatively good 
A lot of people say , " Look , you 've ended up like this . " I did n't want anything from the beginning , and I got Tang Wei involved , to be comforting me all the time 
He 's always , always comforted me and never leaves or forsakes me 
I 've never being anything good from the beginning , not at all . Okay , I also show off when I have a small achievement , and am happy for myself . But I 'm just not good now . Tang Wei has still always comforted me 
There is really nothing bad . You 're teaching at New Oriental - they would n't want me even if I paid them money 
I 'm sorry . Nobody has said that in front of me . But my mother told me . She felt very ashamed 
Sometimes the values of our elders will be more utilitarian - they ca n't help it ... 
Do n't say that . Being happy is most important . A lot of people have understood this truth earlier than I have 
And your mother is eager to do well in everything , so ... 
I disappointed my parents in the end . In the future , I will still work hard , but it 's for myself , for myself . Sometimes I think I should give myself a reward today if I do well on one step 
I 'm crying my heart out here by the screen , but I still feel lucky that I can be typing to you 
Maybe it really is that the expectations on you since your childhood have been relatively large ... 
So sometimes I really feel concerned about you 
Not at all . Are n't I from Chenzhou , and not good as you in Changsha ? 
No , you really ca n't say that . Even my mother felt quite proud because I found a job after I graduated 
Although it was a small company which was extremely lousy 
I 'm also very proud of you [ emoticon ] 
According to her idea , probably no companies would have wanted me if she had n't found some connections for me 
No. Sometimes I think that at the age of 20 years old , it 's good for us to first stabilize our families and then for the couple to work hard together 
Not at all . Let 's not talk about whether your talent is the opposite of what she thought . Even if what she said was true , you are the best in my heart 
You are always the best in my heart too 
Just like I do n't know why I 'm so good in Tang Wei 's heart . I 'm really ashamed for her [ emoticon ] 
Every time I encourage myself , I 'll think of you 
To tell the truth , it 's the same as of today 
When I was chatting with Tang Wei , I said that your success was a matter of course . There would be no [ justice | heavenly principles ] if you were unsuccessful ! 
Are n't such feelings good ? How good would it be if we could be together ? All four of us have families , and we could get together at holidays 
Yeah~~~~ 
Really , do n't worry about some people 's words . The tone is so sour ... 
Can you type down the old saying you advised me with yesterday ? I want to see the words 
You can see the full text here 
Wow , you gave me a reference 
Heh heh heh~~~~ 
I also want to read the article about the talented doctoral candidate who quit studies to be a high school teacher 
== , Let me look for it 
This is the post shared on Xiaonei 
The poster is Cheng Daizhan , a Professor of the Academy of Mathematics and Systems Science of China Academy of Science 
These are the students ' replies that I found 
I ca n't find the original post , mainly because I do n't know how to use the SMTH BBS 
I feel that my role has been replaced by Li Jian - you only shared articles you saw with me before 
How did you know this article ? 
OMG ! OMG ! OMG ! 
Are you there ? 
Yes , Beautiful Girl 
Hehe 
Please give your instruction 
Is your company hiring people ? 
Gosh 
I have a friend majoring in computer science who is working in Beijing but wants to come back to Hubei 
It 's already over 
Too late 
Temporary one is fine too 
He can only wait for another chance 
The recruitment was just over last week , sigh 
Gosh 
I told Chen Gang about it 
Is there any of =temporary nature 
temporary 
It seems I had also told you about it , right ? 
No 
This is another one 
She has worked in a software company for many years 
and wants to come back to Wuhan 
She can only wait for another chance 
OK 
Will there be any temporary one ? 
That girl is pretty good 
and has a strong sense of professional ethics 
Temporary , it is really not good without any salary 
Without any salary ? 
That wo n't do 
How come temporary jobs have no salaries ? 
Right 
Working for nothing ? 
That wo n't work 
She can only wait for opportunities 
So please keep it mind 
Is that okay ? 
Definitely 
I 'll tell you as soon as there is an opportunity 
In general , recruitment means recruiting students graduating this year , right ? 
It depends on opportunities 
This time they recruited graduates of previous years 
Four years of work experience 
2 hires 
Let me know if they want graduates of previous years 
OK 
Actually , the opportunity this time was pretty good 
Yes 
I designed the questions 
Why had n't you told me earlier ? 
Hired two 
I told you guys about it 
Absolutely 
Liu Wen , Peng Jun and Wu Jun . I even called Teacher He 
I remember calling you about it 
At that time they seemed to be talking about students graduating this year 
Chen Gang told me there was no kid in this field 
It 's my friend 
You forgot me 

No way , you ca n't blame me 
It was also recruited by the Group 
Sigh 
You deserve a beating 
What a pity ! 
Yes 
There is no way now 
She can only wait for opportunities now 
OK 
I 'm going home 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Yes , getting ready to go home 
Okay , [ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Are you there ? 
I ’m out 
What ’s up ? Engineer Wang ? 
Oh , can you lend us that demo board for debugging ? 
Has your project started up again ? 
Yes 
The boards have come out now , but we can never load the 3G drivers .
If you ’ve restarted the project , contact the marketing department and they should be able to supply you with a demo board for debugging 
Can they sometimes load them successfully ? 
Have n’t succeeded yet .
Above is the print information .
That means the drivers have n’t been installed properly 
Which salesperson is it ? 
Meng Jiachang 
What do you mean by have n’t been installed properly ? 
You can get in touch with them through the website , or I can tell him to contact you tomorrow 
If they have n’t been installed properly , then there wo n’t be print information .
You tell him to contact me 
Ideally you sales guys should come and see us .
The registry and those two . dll files need to be compiled to the core 
They ’re compiled 
Tomorrow I ’ll tell him to contact you and see what the situation is 
OK 
Nothing ’s been changed in the registry , right ? 
Just the serial port index .
Factory =defaults do n’t work either .
Defaults .
Then we ’ll go over sometime and have a look together 
OK 
He went out this morning 
I expect he ’ll contact you in a while 
OK 
Are you busy now ? 
Hello 
Kid 
Will you go to eat next week ? 
Every day I 'm busy writing papers and have no time to contact you more 
What papers do you need to write ? 
PhD applications 
Wow , how high - end ! How Western - style ! Which universities are you applying to ? 
European ones 
[ emoticon ] In order to let you strike a proper balance between work and rest , I 'll call you to go out to eat next week 
Okay , What 's your plan ? 
I purchased a group coupon deal at the Private Kitchen near Tiananmen Square . We need to go there at noon some day from Monday to Friday 
I 'll inform you when I settle my time off 
Okay , okay . =Very good . I 'll definitely go 
By the way , what dream does your personal signature refer to ? 
Many dreams . The life which makes me feel good 
In addition , have you paid close attention the matters of Cheng Daizhan and Zhao Yan ? 
I [ have n't | wood have ] . What happened ? Defection ? 
Yeah ! You are a good kid . It has been hard for me since I quit , being busy with starting to work in New Oriental and with applications . I 've kept in touch with Zhang Rui a lot . It has been hard for her to look for a job . State - owned enterprises (( are like rainbow noodles )) , and only one is left among the Big Four audit firms . The employment situation is bad this year - Tao Yuan 's group laid off people again 
Right , it is the story of the talented doctoral candidate who left to be a high school teacher 
Yeah , the situation is really not very good 
No headhunters have even contacted me lately 
Did you always have headhunters contacting you ? 
There were some in the first half of the year 
There have n't been any in the second half of the year 
I do n't care any more . Neither the employment situation nor the working environment is good . Yesterday , when my good friend from childhood was complaining about the interpersonal relationships in the marketing department of the Shanghai Ping An Insurance Company , I was scared to death . And it 's the same in state - owned enterprises 
Financial institutions are all laying off people . It 's said that China Galaxy Securities laid off more than 4,000 people at one time 
An Insurance Company is very arrogant , and other people ca n't beg to get in , but she said she was about to commit suicide 
Interpersonal relationships in companies ... Ugh 
One of her friends from Sinopec quit ( We said , " Why did you quit , when you were at Sinopec ? " ) and was introduced to a small company . Human resources eliminated him in the first round , saying that he is too bureaucratic in the style of state - owned enterprises . My classmate said , " He just worked in Sinopec for half a year . How could he be bureaucratic at all ? " 
But why did he quit from Sinopec ? 
If I go abroad this time , I 'll look for a job or die trying . When so many people asked why I came back to China , my answer was so =magnanimous . I was so fearless when I changed from being a student . Why did I only know studying back then , while watching as they were trying so hard to find jobs ? 
Ack . Do n't go if it is a small company . They wo n't dare to take you even if you yourself are willing to take a step down 
If the interpersonal relationships are not good , there wo n't be a day when you can hold your head up . If you 're on the wrong team , you wo n't be able to tolerate the suffering 
... Ah ? It 's not good to say it that way . You have to be able to find a job even if you want to go to large companies 
Even trying your best to go to a large company , you 'll still have to adhere to this principle . If you go to a small company , people will often groundlessly guess whether this person is capable or not , or whether any other bad things have happened to him 
You 'll have a variety of disputes 
Large companies are not hiring . There are few positions . You have to compete for those offered with everyone , such as people from Tsinghua University and Beijing University , new graduated or previous graduates , and people with all kinds of backgrounds . If they have to choose , you will be divided into levels .
Poor 80s generation~~~ 
Looking for a job has changed into depending on connections 
I mean when he applies , he will definitely apply at both large companies and small companies . He 'll go whenever there is a chance , while expanding the acceptance rate 
Yeah 
Where is it if we go to eat at Private Kitchen ? 
Dianmen 
Which store ? 
Are you planning to pursue a PhD while disengaging from work , or to study while working ? 
Courtyard 
If I am accepted , I will pursue a PhD full - time 
But I 'll look for jobs 
Good . Call everyone to come out 
What 's the situation looking for a job abroad ? Is it as tragic as it is in China now ? 
Uh-huh 
And Shuling , the pregnant woman , also came back 
I met Shuling already . We had a long talk 
It is also very tragic , but I 'll give attention to both relationship and work then . [ Mike | Maike ] is currently doing well 
Is he planning to go back to Europe 
One person at Oing An Insurance went abroad to study , and said he would try his best not to come back . He changed his job twice in China 
He originally was not =in China . He works in Belgium 
Oh . I thought he had always been in Shanghai 
I went abroad just because of him . It 's better to be at the same place 
I 'll fight for a chance to come back to Shanghai or Hong Kong in two years 
No , he left in July this year 
What a dilemma you are in ! Saying you wo n't come back even if you die . How terrible can the large companies in China be , anyway ? 
I 'm still planning to go into troubled waters 
But the complexity of China 's social structure and interpersonal relationships is number one in the universe 
Heh heh . I always thought you had sufficient experience .... Even if the salaries are high in foreign companies , you still ca n't earn enough for a house in 30 years . State - owned enterprises squeeze hard , but it 's so common that a 30 - year - old person at the Director level has three houses in Beijing . Those people Zhang Rui encountered during the interview with the Four Big audit firms were all overseas returnees and domestic PhDs . Among the graduating students from Tsinghua University and Beijing University , who does n't want to go to a state - owned enterprise ? 
Those who are smart all go to state - owned enterprises 
Heh heh . I have n't been in actual combat 
Right . So those who hold a high position enjoy the moment while they can 
Many of those who had interviews with the Four Big audit firms are PhDs from Tsinghua University , Beijing University , and Academy of Social Sciences 
And how many are there crowding into the banks ? Doctors from the Chinese Academy of Sciences are scolded for bad counting by the undergraduates who went in earlier , when they are counting money in the bank 
It 's quite funny . What happened to =this society ? Everyone 's values are distorted . In fact , the things that most people fight for are not what they really want 
Right . Zhang Rui frowns upon my classmates in Ping An Insurance a lot , saying that he [ asked for troubles | was free and has nothing to do ] , and why is n't it okay just to stay at Ping An Insurance ? Is n't it just to pretend to be [ humble | a grandson ] ? Why is there no place for her to pretend ? How hard she works ! The last one is Ernst & Young . She does n't even know whether it will work even if she wants to die for =it now 
It 's always the " Surrounded City " effect 
Ha ha 
I have a high opinion of my own intelligence , but I 'd better set my dreams smaller 
Wow . Does n't it include two - day weekends ? 
They are not included . Of course they 're not included 
god 
What is this ? Then who will do the work ? 
Also , ten days are mandatory every month , which means you work just less than half a month 
Moreover , it 's very common . I was scared to death when I heard this back then , so I asked my classmate at Deloitte in Shanghai . She said now the Four Big audit firms are all like this , and she could face the fearful with no fears . What 's more terrifying is the " special condition dismissal " , because the company will give you compensation when they lay you off , but they wo n't give you any compensation if you quit yourself 
Right 
I 'm leaving 
Underpay the salary of ten days~~ 
There is no work to do . It 's hard for Deloitte this year , because they did n't win any of the Four Big banks . The Agricultural Bank from before does n't want them either 
Yeah , it 's time to buy at low prices 
Things are supposed to recover soon 
Hang in there , hang in there 
Right . How about you guys ? 
Do you need to work overtime ? 
last month I worked overtime for a whole month . A flood of customers was concentrated at the end of the year 
[ emoticon ] It 's good to have work to do 
We do n't work earlier , and are pushed hard to work at the end of year 
Okay , I 'm going =study 
Ack , with this harvest , how can I ask for a raise next year ? 
I 'll stick to the bottom line 
Really ? But if - =there is work to do , it means you have business 
If you have business , it means you have money . Why did you say the opposite instead ? 
It seems not much of the work we have been busy with is entered into the accounts , and the money for the large projects has n't been paid 
... That way you 'll have money sooner or later 
It does n't matter . Studying is for being wise , but it 's also painful if we study too hard and become wise . I 'm going to study 
I 'm going to [ die | eject blood ] . I have been suffering for quite a few years . When will my luck come ? 
[ Go ahead | 7878 ] 
I 'll give you a call when the time is set 
Keep fighting 
Okay . You have always been positive and optimistic 
Though I have n't cooperated or worked with you , you sticking with your dreams up to the present means you are definitely great in doing business and smart 
Success belongs to those who persevere : Although I instilled a lot of negative =information today , you have to believe that you are a positive example ! You 'll shine forever 
Ha ha , thanks . Mwha . We must give ourselves strength . People have to salvage themseves 
Will you go teach in New Oriental next week ? 
I wo n't go 
I did not let them schedule the curriculum in December . I 'm dedicated to applications 
Oh , that 's good . Time can be freely arranged 
Let 's talk when we meet next week then 
You there ? 
The first page of the draft has to be revised still , about four hundred words have to be deleted 
OK , delete them . Delete what must be deleted as is your custom .
You delete them 
OK . I 'll go to the class today and we can discuss it 
It has to follow your spoken habits 
Yea 
No. It should follow your speech 
Are n't you too ? 
Yea . I know , but this time you are going to the market .
What 's the number of your bank card ? 
[ image ] [ image ] It requires a damn handling fee 
Do you want the Zhifubao account ? 
Does that require a handing fee ? 
Zhifubao would be okay too 
Does that require a handing fee ? 
Zhifubao does n't require one 
Okay .
Is that correct ? 
It 's just 500 . Is n't it 5,000 ? 
[ image ] It 's 5,000 yen , okay ? 
That 's probably correct 
I 'm paying 
Okay 
I 'm going to go take a crap 
Are you there ? Answer my call 
I ’ve sent you the article 
Thanks 
Thanks 
Why are you online so early ? 
What do you think is something good to bring from the US ? 
All kinds of famous brands 
Ha ha 
Last night my poetic side was given free rein 
Mm 
Busy at work ? 
Not too bad 
Will get off work soon 
Hardly anyone talks in the group now , right 
Can you see it ? 
A lot of undercover sources have told me 
Did n’t you agree to rejoin after three months ? 
I ’m not joining 
Your time ’s up 
You ’re not a man of your word 
Work ’s really busy now 
That ’s no reason 
It ’s not a good reason 
It ’s hard holding down a job 
Hehe 
Poor me has got to eat , after all 
Who does n’t have to eat 
I very rarely chat on Q now 
Actually , I do n’t either 
I ca n’t let it interfere with work 
Right 
But coming back into the group does n’t affect you . You could just rejoin 
I left it before as well , now I ’ve worked it out 
Why did you leave as well ? 
I ’m leaving work . Chat when we have time . This way is less restrictive 
I ’ve rejoined now 
Oh 
I ’m going 
88 
88 
=Where are you ? 
How was it ? 
My in - laws have returned to their hometown , and got hospitalized in the county town . Reportedly the conditions in the ward are n't bad . There 's a bathroom inside the room .
My mother just arrived in Beijing two hours ago .
How about the consultation with the Traditional Chinese Medicine physician ? Did they get some =medication and then go home ? 
We saw different hospital sections in Beijing . They all felt that chemotherapy is damaging and seriously affects the quality of life , and yet it can only prolong life by one or two months . So they do n't intend to do chemotherapy . They have seen the apparently very famous TCM doctors that Boss Shao recommended and took Chinese medicine back to support the treatment at the hospital in their county town . A friend of ours from church moved to Boston and apparently knows a fellow townsman at the Harvard Hospital Gastroenterology Unit who has treated many patients with tumors . She helped me get in touch with this doctor . Apparently there are some medications here in the United States that can improve patients ' immunity . He placed an order for this medication for me and mailed it to my place . I 'll =then mail it to China . Approximately 400 US dollars for one month . We 'll give it a try .
Is it a prescription medication ? 
Or can you buy it casually ? 
I do n't know this medication either . Wait till it 's mailed to my place , then I 'll take a look .
emma has a cold =again with the same symptoms as last time . Today is the first day 
The weather has gotten cold . Did she wear too little or catch a cold at night ? How is your heating ? 
It should be a healthcare product , 
Still the same 
I 'm so afraid to catch a cold =again 
I think it 's a healthcare product too .
Are Momo and Jiajia very reluctant to have their grandparents go home ? 
You have to rest well too . It 's easy to catch a cold when you 're tired .
Going to sleep at 11 o'clock 
How is your work ? 
Still very busy ? 
It 's good if it 's moderate 
When the grandparents left , Shao asked the two children to send them off downstairs . Momo did n't want to get dressed , so she did n't send them off downstairs . Shao was very angry . Jiajia even [ had a good cry | cried a large scene ] after grandmother left .
Wang is working overtime today 
Offer some consolation to [ senior alumnus | senior brother apprentice ] 
I 'm still very busy recently . Working overtime all day tomorrow . That experiment I told you about last time still has n't come out . Redoing it . Hopefully it can be done tomorrow .
Work is busy . Father is sick again . Pressure is quite heavy 
It can definitely come out tomorrow 
What 's that called then ? A blessing from God or something ? 
Shao 's physical examination last month revealed gallbladder polyps . Then Father - in - Law discovered a problem . So he 's been busy caring for his father . He told me that the gallbladder area has been feeling painful recently . I urged him to go see a doctor next week . He just made an appointment to go next week .
Does surgery need to be =done for gallbladder polyps ? 
Today he went to the train station to pick my mother up at half past 4 in the morning , but the train was late by almost two hours . He stupidly waited on the platform , and said he turned into a popsicle . He 's lying under the blanket sleeping now . My mother is sleeping too . The two children are having fun playing a video . I 'm watching .
How are the children ? 
Gallbladder polyps over 1 centimeter require surgery , beware that they do n't become cancerous . If they 're small they have to be periodically reexamined .
The two children are ignorant of worldly affairs , happy at all times .
When you have caught a cold , you have to =drink some ginger decoction , sleep , and sweat a little . Then it 'll be fine 
Children should be like this 
You have to be a good support 
When you ’re doing experiments , do n’t go too far 
He does n't feel like moving , just wants to sleep . If he 's not well , I 'll ask my mother to cook him some ginger decoction before he sleeps at night .
Add a little brown sugar if it 's a little spicy 
I 'll take care of my health .
Then cover up in blankets and go to sleep 
If you need money my family has it 
After the experiment is finished tomorrow , I have to gather the charts and analyze the results . Not culturing the cells anymore . Next Friday it 's my turn to give a report . Next week will be a little busy .
Money is all right for now .
I feel that your outward appearance is weak but your heart is strong 
Not that strong either .
Take care of the child . Just wanted to know how things were going 
Let me know if something happens 
We 're having a communal meal at noon on December 21st , then we go on vacation . I might be able to go to your place on that Friday , and staying till Tuesday before coming back .
Okay . Come over next week too if you are n't busy 
Will be busy over here these two weekends . I 'll contact you if something happens . Do n't catch a cold yourself .
We will cook something to eat 
Okay 
I 'm here … 
I 'm not invisible 
You 're there , you 're refreshing at renren . com , but you did n't reply to me on my QQ 
You do n't love me anymore !! 
Did n't I get back to you right away ? 
Do n't stir up trouble for no reason !!! 
No !! 
Did n't you send it at 29 minutes past ? 
The image is fragmented ... 
Get back to the point ... 
I have n't received that either ... 
Come out with it ~ 
Find 50+ sophomores and juniors to fill it in for me … 
50+ !!! 
50+ !!! 
WTF ! Would it be OK if I said I was a sophomore or a junior ? 
It 's really not difficult ... You see , you have 20+ people in one class ... 
It would n't be hard to find someone ... 
Right ? 
But a sophomore or a junior ? 
Uh = = .. 
In your college ... I do n't want any from other colleges ... 
Would it be OK if we just said we are sophomores and juniors ? 
No ... 
And IP addresses can be seen at my computer terminal .. Do n't land me in it .. .
How could I know so many sophomores and juniors = = 
Send the address to Li Yinglin ... And ask her to send it to their class .. so easy ... 
Or else we could reduce it a bit ... to 30+ ... 
That 's my department head ... I 'm really getting on her nerves ... 
I 'll do my best to find some for you ... 
30+ ... 
I 'll try harder ! 
Thank you , Yueyue ~~~~ 
It 'd be OK to have a small number of freshmen come ~~ Not too many ... 
Count me as one ! 
Mainly sophomores and juniors , right ? 
Right ... 
OK ... 
I cried – it 's really exhausting to do slave labor = = .. 
Does any f * * * er study English in Beijing Language and Culture University ? ?? 
Do people study English in BLCU ? 
Hou Yuqing ? 
What is Liu Xiaojing studying ? 
Spanish 
Damn it !! 
On my knees ... 
I 've discovered all of a sudden there are n't that many people we know in BLCU ... Damn it ... 
Is n't Liu Xiaojing doing English ? ?? 
No ... 
I know that for sure = = 
Who 's doing English at BLCU ? Who 's doing English ? Who 's doing English ? ... 
Who 's got the Ji'nan Foreign Language School souvenir album = = 
Damn it -- I left it at home ... 
Who 's doing English -- ENGLISH , ENGLISH -- at the Guangdong University of Foreign Studies ? ?? 
At GDUFS ... I really do n't know = = 
It looks like there 's no one who is just studying languages ... 
Damn ... I 've remembered someone ... A girl ... But I 've forgotten what she 's called ... 
Zhao Xiaofan ? 
No ... 
Let me go and ask Yao Yameng … 
Ah -- I 've found her in Zhao Xiaofan 's photo album ! 
Geng Shuyu 
Where ? 
Li Xiaohan 
No , no , no ... 
Good evening 
Good evening you ass ... 
Wang An ... 
They 're both doing Business English . But after that there are areas of focus ... 
Oh !! 
English ( Advanced Translation ) - that 'll be Fu Xiran 
Click into the photo album yourself and have a look . The 2012 GDUFS album 
The 19th picture 
I 've seen it ... 
Why the hell is it divided up into such narrow categories ? It looks like specialized subjects ... 
I also think it 's really mysterious ... 
So , Sister Fei can also be considered doing English ? ? 
Hmm , it looks like it = = 
You can just go and find Sister Fei ... 
Hmm ~ 
That name I could n't think of just now was Fu Xiran = = .. 
I just sent it to you ... Advanced translation = = 
Actually , life is really hard for people in Hong Kong 
How is it hard ? 
All the people I see on the streets have grim expressions 
Everything really is easy , but the cost of living is very high 
Housing costs 100,000 Hong Kong dollars or more per square meter 
To eat you have to crowd into a little restaurant 
Do n’t people in Beijing do n’t have it bad ? 
The cost of housing is so high 
Right , it ’s the same principle 
Things are better in Wuhan 
You do n’t have to worry about anything 
If I had n’t come to Beijing quite a long time ago , I ’d be desperate now 
If you ca n’t afford an apartment 
Then it ’s not worth talking about anything else 
Right ? 
Mm , you work yourself to the bone your whole life for an apartment 
Are you there , beautiful girl ? 
I 'm here 
There ’s nothing else ? 
There are only three points in the future 
It 's the new requirement of President Wang 
I have the electronic version 
I 'll send you =a copy if you want it 
Are you there , Manager Chen ? 
Manager Chen , have they not yet done the screen in the meeting room ? 
Is there an electronic screen ? 
Manager Zhao , the designs by Jian De are no good 
I 'll have a look 
Really ? 
Not as good as Shuying 's 
No 
The internet does n't work there .
He has n't done any design at all 
I think that you wo n't get anything from looking at them 
You have n't looked at them ? 
I 've looked . They 're no good .
OK , so send the information to me again .
I 'll find the time to do it , OK ? 
OK 
Send it again 
The program 's frozen 
Do you have a ruler there ? 
A measuring tape 
No 
How many photos of the worker 's union ? 
Yes 
To clarify , is it three display boards or one board 
Are you sure ? 
Three 
Sure 
Which is the small one ? 
One with the planning committee 
One with the CEO 's office committee 
One with the union 
Two large , one small , three boards in total 
And do you want horizontal or vertical displays ? 
The union 
Either is fine 
I think the vertical ones look a bit better 
I think the horizontal would be more appropriate 
[ smiley ] There 's a lot of pressure 
OK , you get on with the designs .
Chief Lu completely trusts your eye 
In our company , the more you do , the more you get told off 
Are you there ? 
How am I supposed to have that =American time ? -- 
It is nothing more than writing a letter -- 
I have n't done such highbrow things for many years -- 
I will send you a postcard when I have the opportunity 
What does Little Jing look like recently ? 
I still have the bobo hair like before -- 
I have never seen you with bobo hair before 
I have had my hair cut that way since my first year in senior high school < - _ < - 
You had long hair when I saw you 
Why did you show me only half your face ? 
But I can still see that Little Jing has become more and more beautiful 
That is because of the high pixels of the mobile phone -- 
Little Jing has grown up 
It looks as if it has been processed in PS -- 
I 'm old T^T 
If you 're old , what should I be ? 
Growing younger < - _ < - 
- - Old goblin ? 
Fenggeng , there are still 250 RMB left . When can you pay it back ? 
This month 
I 'll pay it back all together when I get paid 
Where did my colleagues go finally ? 
Puji Island . They left on 7th 
Oh 
His wife still thought it was too cheap and was afraid the tourist group was not good 
Are there any other articles of consumption after they go there ? 
The next day they asked Jiahua and it would be over 6,000 , and then they came to sign up 
You pay for your own shopping . It is about 600 if you travel at your own expenses . Landing visa is 250 
There is nothing worth purchasing , is there ? 
It ’s equal to about 1,000 a person 
It 's like Thailand – leather , precious stones , snake drugs , those cashew nuts , coconut candy , heh heh 
These are the world 's specialties . Heh heh 
Come on 
The world is very big and Thailand is very small 
Find some artistic poetry videos 
OK .
When does Sister Yuan need them ? 
By tomorrow evening 
Oh , OK .
Nothing tragic or negative 
OK , anything else ? 
It would be best if there or fewer people were doing the reading 
Send it to Wen Tao 
OK , got it . Sister Yuan 
Sister Yuan , is that cross-talk sketch document empty ? 
Then I 'll send it to you again 
OK 
That cross-talk sketch folder is empty 
What 's going on ? Sister Yuan .
This is the cross-talk sketch document 
The transfer keeps failing ... 
Sister Yuan , how many did you send all together ? 
Four 
I did n't receive one of them [ expression ] 
OK .
Sister Yuan . You said to focus on revising one of the summaries of the cross-talk sketch one , do you mean the preliminary competition one ? 
No , it is the New Year 's Eve program one 
This one 
Oh . Change this one to the final result of this competition ? 
Yes , yes , write the result of the finals , but do n't change the title 
Oh , OK , sned it to me [ expression ] Sister Yuan 
[ expression ] Ask me any time if you do n't understand 
OK , call Sister Yuan to trouble her at any time [ expression ] 
Why are you so quiet ? 
I ’m a little busy these days and have no time for it 
What are you busy with ? A new project ? 
I ’m busy with the new ones and old ones together 
Are you starting a new project ? 
Yeah 
Is there any introduction online ? What ’s it specifically called ? I ’ll search 
Is Sparta very close to your home ? 
I ’ll talk to you in person when I go to Jinan 
Okay . Are you coming over in the near future ? 
Yeah , it has to be around 20th 
Oh . Is it still that meeting ? 
Yeah 
I was in Jinan two days before yesterday 
Ah ? Why did n’t you call me ? 
Is the headquarters in Jinan ? 
I ’ve been thinking about calling you when I get a lot of spare time 
Unexpectedly , though , I have n’t have a lot of spare time , so I did n’t contact you 
Did you have to rush like that ? Is it another round trip on the same day ? 
I stayed for one night there and got to Weifang at half past 12 at night the next day 
[ OMG | Faint ] . Why does it sound like multi-level marketing ? 
Did you just teach classes ? 
I went to teacher classes at Sparta 
Sparta is a training =institution for business owners 
institution 
Is n’t it the same thing as what you came for last time ? 
No 
Oh , I was wondering 
Did you also come for training on the 20th ? 
There was a meeting on inviting outside investment on the 20th 
Are you ready to start your own business ? 
There are no good projects 
It ’s a headache 
It ’s okay . Everything is hard in the beginning . You have to believe in yourself 
They say that the environment is not good this year . People are losing more money and making less money 
It ’s the truth 
So I do n’t dare to act rashly 
For how many days will you stay when you come over for the inviting outside investment meeting on the 20th ? 
I ca n’t talk to you now . I need to go out 
For two days at most . Will you be able to have some free time on the 20th ? 
I should be able to get out . Where is your meeting ? 
Mysidopsis bahia -- search for this on google for me , will you ? 
Are you there ? 
I ca n't go on google in Beijing 
What 's this ? 
Open this website and see if it 's what you want 
OK 
Thanks 
You 're welcome 
Have you made it up with your girlfriend ? 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
No classes ? 
Classes are over 
I just got back to the dorm 
Hmm 
Oh 
Hmm 
Your school is not far away from Mount Tai , is it ? 
Pretty close 
Oh 
I think I have seen your school gate 
The one of the old school , I guess ? 
I am not very sure , either 
Hmm 
Hehe 
Where are you ? 
Not yet 
In the dorm 
Have you eaten ? 
Why do n't you go and eat your meal ? Are you going to make do with whatever you have again ? ! 
I 'm too lazy to go 
I 'm writing my homework 
There is still a bit more than a month 
Oh 
Will school vacation start soon ? 
Yes 
It 's pretty pleasant to the ear 
Oh 
I 'm listening to Transfer of Love 
Very good ! 
Hehe 
This song has been around for many years , it was there when I was in junior high school , I took a special fancy to it even back then 
You were precocious ! [ emoticon ] 
You yourself were precocious 
Hehe 
Watching courseware on computer 
How come it again changed to cellphone ? 
Oh 
Hmm 
Then why do n't you study hard ? 
Still chatting ? 
I 've caught a cold and do n't feel hungry 
I suggest you still eat something first 
In this weather , the meal cools down very quickly 
Then there is more reason you have to eat it hot ! 
Hehe 
I want to go home 
Hehe 
Nothing pitiable 
Pitiable kid ! 
I often go home 
Have long has it been since you went back last time ? 
I did n't go back during this period of time 
One month 
Oh 
It will be fine just to go back when vacation starts 
Is n't it going to be the New Year 's Day soon ? 
Hehe 
Have you made it up with your girlfriend ? 
Not yet 
Are you there ? 
What 's up ? 
Carsick 
In a bad mood ? 
In a bad mood 
Having a fever 
I want to go looking for my boyfriend 
Where have you been for ? 
Oh 
He ignored me 
Oh 
You did n't attend your classes , did you ? 
I made up for all the classes today 
Where is he ? 
Feicheng 
Tai'an ? 
His family nearly forced him to go working abroad 
Oh 
Hmm 
Are you on the road ? 
Then you take care yourself 
How could you explain why it is so difficult for us ? 
Have you taken your medicine ? 
Sigh 
It 's not easy for anyone ! 
Treasure it properly 
Perhaps when you think of this bitterness in future , it is also sweet ! 
My classmates all take us as their belief 
Hehe 
Hmm 
Sorry ~ I have to go and eat my meal . Let 's chat later ! 
Be careful on the road ! 
OK 
Are you there ? 
Yeah 
I ’m doing research 
How is your project going ? 
I ’m not planning to start it this year 
The larger environment is not good 
Yeah 
The larger environment has n’t been good these two years 
My husband ’s colleagues from Ginza Jia Yi Hotel came to visit yesterday 
They just had a meeting on hotels analysis 
All the economical hotels are basically losing money this year 
Really 
Ugh 
But I have just successfully mobilized my friends in Beijing 
To prepare to join in the 7 - 11 chain 
We have to be cautious in investing now 
He … 
You join in the chain too 
I thought you would do it 
Nowadays , it is not very easy to invest or run a business 
There is too much worry 
It ’s better to be a professional manager 
I 've just read yesterday 's Times 
It ’s better to buy a used van and convert it into an illegal ambulance 
What happened ? 
Ha ha 
Beautiful lady 
I 'm thinking of what to do about our item on the program 
It 's very urgent 
The salespeople said they would ask me to study dancing with them 
What I 'm thinking is that if that really wo n't work , we can team up with Little Tian , and you and I , the three of us , can =do an item 
OK 
No problem 
The performers can be chosen from among all people at Wanjia 
As long as he 's willing 
There 's no need to insist on dividing us up by department 
The idea is provided by the department 
The performers are provided by the company 
Sleepy 
Huh ? 
Sleepy already at noon ? 
Is n't it easy to get sleepy at noon ? 
Oh 
How have you been recently ? 
How come your [ status | signature line ] is so depressing ? 
Hehe , it 's not sad . It 's just that I had that sort of feeling a while back . Felt it was the truth of life , so I wrote it 
I came out to work recently 
At a press 
Started last week 
Oh , not bad 
Doing what ? 
Editing 
Which press ? 
Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences Press 
Wow 
Small press 
But the benefit is that the demand in terms of office hours is not high . After one year I can just go to work on Tuesdays and Fridays 
Big reputation 
What will you do for the remaining time ? 
The Academy of Social Sciences has a big reputation , but not the press 
The rest of the time I can solicit contributions , review them , invite authors , or take care of the kids at home 
You have kids now ? 
We only have to clock in two days now too , but have to come over the other three days , because I 'm new 
Not yet 
Always can later 
Pregnant ? 
No 
Ca n't we [ plan ahead | bind the door and windows before it rains ] ? 
Oh 
Sure 
Sister , you always have foresight 
O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O Haha~ 
You discovered that too 
Yes 
Never even asked 
What does your husband do ? 
He sells microchips 
What microchips ? 
Texas Instruments 
An American company 
They are the microchips used in computers , cellphones , and air conditioners 
Oh , this company is very famous 
I thought it was a Shandong company before 
We also seem to have an office of theirs upstairs 
Is it the state of Texas ? 
Really ? They do have an office in Shenzhen 
Yes . I later realized I 've become [ parochial | soil ] 
A big company like this certainly has offices in every major city 
Where is the Shanghai branch ? 
Shanghai seems to be the headquarters ? It was previously on West Nanjing Road ( or East ) . Last year , it moved to nearby Century Avenue . They said it was to save money 
Damn , moved to Century Avenue to save money ? … 
Apparently it is more expensive over on Nanjing Road 
It 's always cheaper in Pudong 
Yeah 
Our Shanghai office is there too 
Oh , what company are you ? 
Osram 
By the way 
Quickly wish me a happy birthday 
Oh , what a coincidence . Happy birthday [ emoticon ] 
On diet . Ca n't eat so much 
So small , you can eat several in one bite 
The lighting industry is very promising , huh ? 
… , you even looked it up ? 
Yes . I do n't know much about foreign enterprise . So as to avoid taking it as a Shandong company 
Yeah , this time it is n't Texan , but German 
Haha , Germans have strict requirements , do n't they ? I heard European companies are very comfortable 
Those Europeans are comfortable 
We Chinese are n't very comfortable 
But compared to American companies it should still be a little better 
It 's not as much pressure , but not as much money either 
Modest . Such a big reputation , plus Europeans are always more generous than Americans 
So do you do technology ? 
Yes 
Compared to American companies , we are really considered as having pretty low salaries 
No one believes it ... 
Okay 
My husband said before that the lighting industry is very lucrative 
Is your husband in sales ? 
Then his perspective on the issue will be different 
The technological characteristics of the lighting industry are actually simple assembly and installation , and technological replication is very easy 
So technicians generally ca n't get much money 
Oh , then if it 's so simple , why do they need masters or doctors to do it ? 
He used to be in marketing . Now he 's in sales 
Because masters or doctors do n't have other work they can do either 
Is n't it cheaper to recruit undergraduates ? 
Either way prices are about the same 
Many with us here are undergraduates 
I 'm the only graduate student in over ten people in our group 
Oh , you 're the team leader 
Not really 
But in Shanghai there are graduate students everywhere 
That 's true 
No 
Then you are being valued even more , right ? 
When the boss ca n't manage he assigns several people for me to help look over . No real authority 
Have n't seen you in a few years . You 've learned modesty 
... 
Okay , I admit it 
Sorry for my lack of manners [ emoticon ] 
... 
I will call you Leader from now on 
I ’m going to vomit blood 
An [ Experienced | veteran of a hundred battles ] leader 
Sigh . Sister , you 've changed 
Then is your online store still open now ? 
Yes 
Express delivery , I go to pick up express items every night 
How 's business ? 
What 's the approximate monthly turnover ? 
Business is very so - so now . Ca n't figure the turnover clearly . One month 's net income is about one thousand [ emoticon ] 
Net income means net profit ? 
Sometimes there will suddenly be a big order . This is the norm now . Just maintaining , more dead than alive 
It 's net profit 
Oh , that 's not too bad 
In doing business , at the beginning , if you can just maintain then it 's not bad 
No good . The amount now is too little 
Yeah . Did well last year , but too tired . Body ca n't handle it 
I 'm off work now 
Going , ha . Not sleepy at all chatting with you 
Yeah , byebye 
Busy or not ? 
Not being not busy 
Oh 
What ’s wrong with this classmate ? Quit the group again ? 
Who quit the group ? 
Quitted one month ago 
Weird 
It ’s OK if he thinks it ’s good 
Who are the two little ones in the group ? 
Do n’t know 
You think it ’s good ? Others may not think so 
It ’s OK if he is happy with it .
I mean why quit the group ? ? Does he feel happy only if he quits the group ? 
He has his reason quitting the group 
Those who can understand and respect can be friends . Otherwise , you do n’t need to care about what others think 
Hahaha 
Distort the truth ! Contrary to morality 
You think this way , so you are not people sharing the same idea 
Qiu , someone said that after your Chinese driver 's license has been =notarized , you can get a provisional driver 's license in the US . I do n't know whether that is actually true or not 
It is true 
OK 
Have n't you gone to bed ? 
I 'm about to go to bed now 
I 've recently been looking for an apartment . It will have to 1,000 in Philadelphia 
It 's also quite expensive 
I saw your wife at noon today while we were having lunch . =She said you 're quite busy over there . What 's up ? Is everything =on the right track now ? 
Yes . How big is the one you rented ? And how much was it ? 
=That 's enough , brother , I 'm going to sleep 
OK 
Let 's chat another day 
I do n't know how big it was . It 's shared , with two bedrooms and one living room 
I 'm in the secondary bedroom 
600 
Oh 
Go to sleep then -- good night !!! 
OK . I really am sleepy 
Let 's chat another day 
Are you sick ? 
Is it because of tiredness ? 
That might be one of the reasons . Thanks for your concern 
Yeah . Take a good rest . Work is always there but it ’s difficult for health to be always there 
Yeah 
Is this the document drawn up by your department ? 
? 
Is it from the Province or the Bureau ? 
It was drawn by the department 
Dear , where 's the video ? 
Yea , our class still does n't have video [ expression ] 
[ expression ] When do you think you will finish work ? 
I 'll finish work tonight [ expression ] 
I 've finished one now , should I send it now ? 
Together 
Yea , is tomorrow morning ok ? 
Yea , tomorrow noon , do n't stay up too late , tell me when you finish and let our department secretary get it from you to copy 
OK . [ expression ] Thanks 
OK ? 
Yea 
Everything 's completed ; hungry ? 
Yea . Of course .
Three all together [ expression ] 
What dorm are you in ? I 'll find someone to go copy it 
619 [ expression ] I 'll send it tonight ? 
I can just find someone from our department to go to your dorm to copy it .
Yea , OK , let Kui come [ expression ] 
Will he listen to me ? 
He has to [ expression ] I miss him 
I 'm going down to eat and getting ready to study tonight [ expression ] 
Hold on 
What ? 
Find someone to go copy it 
Sure , when I 'm done studying 
Now I finish studying at seven - thirty 
Oh , OK 
Yea [ expression ] 
Sister Yuan , are those drafts done ? 
I changed a little again , ha 
They 're OK , right ? Do n't forget , you 're writing the monthly account 
Yea , yea . What did you change ? 
Punctuation and incorrect words ? 
Punctuation and incorrect words ? 
Yes , some punctuation is all there , some is half missing 
[ expression ] What all and half ? 
Halfwidth and fullwidth ? 
Right 
They are all minor , ha 
[ expression ] Did n't do it well . I made Sister Yuan work hard again 
No problem , I 'm a guy , it 's fine as long as I try my best 
Actually , on Friday when I had you get the certificate , I called you 
When you were in a meeting I wanted to chat with you 
Yea , yea . I checked it two times .
I just pay attention to when a comma should be used . When a period should be used , and some word mistakes ... 
Sister Yuan ... [ expression ] 
Do n't be so tense , just chat about anything , ha 
This semester is almost over , how do you feel ? 
What do you think about the next semester , or even your sophomore year ? 
It 's really full , I am busy with a lot of things . I also learned a lot of things ... 
While I was out these two days I really found I grew . Compared to those classmates who previously resumed classes .
Some of them do n't have student associations . I feel like even though they were a year ahead of me , they did n't work as hard as I am now .
Yea , yea , you are also the class leader , you have to work hard to make use of your advantages , and you are also really busy and have great responsibilities . You should properly balance being in the student association and being class leader . It would be best if they were mutually beneficial 
During this semester , I sometimes favored one at the expense of the other , but now I feel much better .
Even though sometimes things were n't properly settled , I really did all that I could do .
I should properly finish the things that should be completed , and do all I can to give it my best effort .
Yes , at first it is very hard , but you have a great feeling of accomplishment once it 's done 
Yea , it 's just that now I 'm thinking and feel like I was really naive before 
There are few guys in our department after all , by sophomore year we 'll certainly keep a guy , work hard at it .
Tell me if there 's anything on your mind , I might have some incorrect methods , but it 's fine to point them out .
Be sure to tell me if anything comes up .
Yea , yea , I understand , Sister Yuan .
Actually , Sister Yuan is really good . Along the way I sometimes might feel like Sister Yuan is really demanding , but now she really is n't demanding .
If I follow what Sister Yuan says and do what has been arranged , it wo n't be hard at all .
It 's just that sometimes I put things off , so I feel like Sister Yuan is really strict , but I really refined my own abilities .
Sister Yuan , do n't worry , from now on I wo n't be sloppy when I do things [ expression ] 
Haha , that 's right , at the start I was different , and when nothing was going on I did my best to cause trouble , and when there was something going on I was especially stern .
I just hope that I earnestly taught you all , and that you all can earnestly work , and work hard to be good 
After graduation , the arts department will rely on you all 
Yea . Do n't worry Sister Yuan . Sister Yuan will join the presidium [ expression ] 
We 'll see , a lot of department heads are really good 
Our Arts Department is stable [ expression ] it has Big Fei . Sheng Jinfei 
Haha , ok , no matter whether I get in , I should do my best . This is a principle and my responsibility . Do n't you know ? 
Yea , yea , you must . Sometimes I feel like I am gradually taking responsibility on myself . I have a feeling of achievement after finishing a task [ expression ] 
That 's good , slowly make it to the finals , do a good job ! 
Role 
Be sharp at the New Year 's Eve party . Let others see what you are doing 
Yes , I must . Much love for Sister Yuan [ picture ] 
Haha , if you love me you wo n't need that 
Do n't let Brother Kun know [ expression ] 
You ca n't just have my approval , let others see approval , do n't you know ? 
Yea , really makes , must to it . Do n't worry Sister Yuan 
[ expression ] Sister Yuan . I 'm going to sleep , ha .
Good night [ expression ] 
Sister Yuan , you also get to sleep early [ expression ] 
Doing the departmental division of duties for New Year 's Eve 
I 'm overwhelmed . What do we all have to do ? The lights are going out soon here .
Our department is asking for things like the stage props 
Yea . Sister Yuan works so hard . If there 's anything to do just let me know [ expression ] 
Go to sleep 
OK , Sister Yuan , do n't stay up too late , ha [ picture ] 
Hi ! May I ask if you have the courseware for the class of Teacher Zhu ? 
What courseware is it ? I only have a pdf version of the text in Group Shared 
That 's the PPT Teacher Zhu used in class before 
Ah , that ’s for grammar . It seems I have it , let me look around .
Thank you , would you please send me one copy ? Thanks 
Received , thank you ! 
You ’re welcome .
Hello , Classmate Lu Ye ! I 'd like to ask you something . When you are quitting your job , another close colleague in our group will soon leave her position too . She wanted me to help find out what the administration process is like .
Ack . You guys are all leaving 
Classmate Li Kenan , you did n't answer my calls ! ! 
How have you been recently ? ? I really miss you . I am so busy that I can only tell you clearly over the phone , but you seemed not to not be at your seat 
I am very sorry . I have n't been online lately , so I do n't even know when I saw the message you left me . You probably sent it to me a few days ago , but I just saw it . I 'm really sorry . I 'm typing all I know below , and I hope it 's not too late 
The separation procedure is very simple . Just tell the administration : I 'm going to quit . The administration will give you a form ( Note that the procedures here are informal , so you can always change your mind and the administration wo n't mind . ) for you give your partner to sign ( expressing agreement ) . After your colleague and your boss come to an agreement , your boss signs the form , and then your colleague starts filling out the form . The content is also very simple - it 's just the reason for leaving ( just write whatever you want ) , and whether the computers , keys , seat situation , and the mailbox are all cleaned up , etc. , and then take it to the administration . The administration will settle the money for you -- 
Oh , I guess you are occupied . I 'll continue typing 
Thank you , my dear , for such a detailed answer 
=You are welcome . It 's naturally a good thing if I can help 
Your charity will be rewarded . Keep fighting . Let 's get together after you settle down 
There ? 
Yea , what 's up ? 
Do you have 10QB ? Shitou and I do n't have enough , so depressing 
[ expression ] I 'm in the dorm ... 
I have n't gotten on in a long time 
[ picture ] Damn , last night I had a lot of this Shitou money 
Now there 's suddenly less , it 's not enough , damn 
Ah 
How much do you have now ? 100 ? 
93 
Is n't this my Shitou ? 
Finished doing it , after strengthening my equipment is over 100 
... how much fighting power can surpass 100 ? 
A little over 12W 
Yea , how much is the highest fighting power now ? 
20 all are BT 
Damn .
197612 
Imperial ? 
An old pervert in Zhonghua 
Oh 
Zhonghua is powerful every day 
Our alliance has someone called Yulanyou that is stronger than him 
Oh , Zhonhua ca n't beat Yulanyou 
Youlanyou is 20W 
How much money do you have to put in ? 
But now it was restored by Yushi Diaowen , his fighting power ca n't be beaten 
Damn . A bunch of rich people 
There 's a lot , I heard hundreds of thousands , all idiots 
For one game 
Yea 
I first got 10QB , damn , it 's suddenly not enough 
Oh 
Oh 
There ? 
On the computer ? 
Yea , what 's up ? 
Did n't drink yourself to death 
[ expression ] LOL 
Oh , Nen , do you know Tanhuang 79 changed accounts ? 
Q number 
Is Chenxi here ? 
Yes 
Shall I go to see you ? 
No , you do n’t have to . How do you feel about the manuscript ? 
The “ Two - word ” one is not as good as the “ Three - word . ” I read and really felt dizzy , hehe 
Hehe , yes , even I was at the brink of collapse 
I ’m very much concerned about the condition of this book after its publishing , it is very difficult to control the quality of such books 
Yes , I ’m also quite worried about two issues , one is its copyright , and the other is text quality 
Yes , I searched in Baidu the other day , discovering some contents are just direct copies of other people ’s answers in Baidu Knows 
Well , it ’s alright . When I could n’t stand it , I ’d read something refreshing before I moved on , hehe . Only it was revised in a mess , I ’m afraid it 's not easy for you to review later 
I have no choice , how can I have a peace of mind if such a book is being read through just once ? 
Okay , let ’s stop chatting , you ’re busy 
It ’ll be my general holiday this afternoon , talk to you later 
Alright , do n’t get yourself too tired , it is actually not very effective to read this kind of book much 
Well , let ’s just try our best . There is no other solution in case of something we really ca n't perceive , for we are not almighty 
Are you there ? 
How is that problem working out ? 
Can you solve it ? 
It ’s difficult 
It ’s not compiling ? 
I have n’t compiled in your SDK yet 
Right 
It ’s not compiling 
I do n’t know why 
In which sdk ? 
The one you sent me the last time 
Oh 
What error message does it give ? 
This – you are printer drivers , right ? 
Mm 
What error is it ? 
Device can not be added ? 
Port no. changed , driver can not be added 
What ’s the problem with compiling ? 
What error does it report ? 
That ’s very odd 
It would compile before 
Last month my computer had a problem , so I reinstalled the system , and reinstalled VS2005 
After that it would n’t compile 
And it does n’t compile on other SDKs ? 
Mm 
Big brother 
Have you got any experience in this 
I ’m not familiar with softwares 
You may need to adjust the settings in vs2005 .
I am guessing that it 's a different compiling environment 
Yes 
How do you change the compiling environment ? 
You set it in project features 
Mm 
Some of them seem to work 
In some SDKs it seems you can 
It ’s produced a . DLL file 
Wait a moment . I ’ll reinstall your SDK and give it a try 
OK 
Wait a moment , when it ’s compiled I ’ll send it to you 
OK 
Are your chips this architecture ? 
Mm 
OK 
You commissioned someone else to develop the drivers for you ? 
I think so 
At any rate , there ’s no one maintaining this driver at the moment 
Next year we ’ll get someone in specifically to do this stuff 
There ’s a shortage of people at the moment 
Oh 
They ’ve all gone to do Android 
You ’ve got andriod4.0 drivers , right ? 
Mm 
Android drivers are n’t as difficult as WINCE 
Simple structure ? 
With Android , all you have to do is define the module ’s VID in the kernel , and it will read the PID 
Because the module is a USB device 
Once it ’s recognized the USB device , it can be operated with the corresponding port 
Oh , that ’s very simple .
We ’ve already done the RIL , which is the thing it creates most convenience 
Packaged and sent to the client 
So the clients do n’t need to be adjusted for speech and internet 
You ’ve done it ?! 
That really is easy .
Mm 
So Android sales are very high 
What platform do you work with most ? 
Samsung ? 
Or Rockchip ? 
Giga 
All of them 
We have customers working on most platforms 
But there are more on Giga and Rockchip 
There ’s something wrong with your SDK 
A lot of errors 
Oh 
222 errors 
What can I do ? 
Maybe it ’s because the header files are different 
Is this the normal message ? 
This is what it printed out after it was in hibernation ? 
So what can I do if it wo n’t compile ? 
Why do n’t I use another client ’s SDK to compile and send it to you to try 
OK 
The message in this box 
What does that mean ? 
You ’ve added EVDO drivers , have n’t you ? 
But I have n’t seen the serial port 
You have to compile the registry and these two . DLL files to the kernel 
If it still does n’t work , then try with the module ’s default index number 
I assume it ’s a port conflict 
The new version does n’t have the print message ? 
They should all have it 
Ca n’t you install it ? 
No data to print 
And there ’s no port ? 
There ’s only a print message when there ’s an error , right ? 
Oh 
I can check the serial port , but I ca n’t open the serial port .
There are no messages 
Some serial ports ca n’t be opened 
What module are you using now ? 
You should be able to open the ports for these two 
I ca n’t open any serial ports 
What ’s the baud rate ? 
There ’s no hardware flow control 
Right 
Is it OK ? 
Do you have the wince6.0 serial debugging tool 
I ca n’t open it 
I think I have it 
Is there any message saying successfully loaded ? 
The tool you ’ve sent only seems to be able to look up serial ports .
Inside there is a tool that can open serial ports , is n’t there ? 
The V2.1 one 
There are three tools inside 
One is for looking up serial ports 
One is for editing the registry 
One is for opening serial ports and sending commands 
What does com5 do ? 
com6 and 7 are OK 
Ah 
Then you can use it 
COM5 is no use to you 
It ’s a diagnostic port 
We use that ourselves 
You have a try 
So block it 
COM8 is the GPS port 
Let ’s block the ones that are n’t there .
That should be fine 
You have a try 
Some customers have problems if you block them 
You have a try 
It is used for Internet dial - up access 
COM7 is the AT port 
For sending commands 
You wo n’t need to use the others 
OK 
I ’ll just keep 6 7 
I have n’t put in a sim card CSQ [ image ] 
And you have n’t connected the aerial , have you ? 
This display does n’t have a signal 
I ’ve connected the aerial .
You have to put a sim card into this module to find a signal 
Mm 
Hello , Manager Chen ! 
Have you had a look at the explanation I gave you this morning ? 
Manager Ren 
I was just talking with qlrc . com 
I 've just paid the fees .
They wo n't clear for another 10 minutes 
OK , no problem . [ smiley ] 
Because we 've basically already started our training , within contracts and investment policy .
Mm , I understand . I 'm arranging telephone interviews for people here 
Everyone is working very hard . Another day [ smiley ] 
Haha , it 's our pleasure . You 're too kind .
Manager Ren , I 've started to search resumes on qlrc . com . I 'll send you information as we get it . We have 100 resume downloads on qlrc . com .
Oh . When he comes back , could you please pass it on 
I do n't know who you are , but thank you 
Haha 
I 'm Bobo 
Hello , Manager Chen 
I was just in a meeting 
So , I 've looked at a few of these resumes here .
It would be better if you could tell Fangfang to give us slightly more detailed information . Haha , I have been rather busy these last couple of days . Thank you for your assistance 
Got it .
How things have been about the hotel ? 
How is the progress ? 
I 've consulted [ many | N ] people , and they suggest not starting this year 
Wait and see , mainly 
Oh 
Recently chain hotels have been expanding greatly 
The newspaper the last two days specifically reported that all the chain brands are encircling the land and seizing the market 
Yeah 
Suddenly there are a Hanting Express and Home Inn in West Market 
I 've seen many new hotels 
These two hotels seem to have been there for a while 
No , a Hanting Express is at the entrance of the lane where 7 Days is . It 's just opened 
A Home Inn too 
I have seen at least five newly opened inns in Jinan recently 
Yeah , there are many . A lot 
Ugh 
Nothing is easy to do 
Yeah 
It 's relatively difficult to make money 
You have [ secure employment | the iron rice bowl ] , just cherish it 
The main thing is that I ca n't scrape much gold from the iron rice bowl 
It 's pretty good already if it 's metal 
Not that good 
We 're foam 
I will hop immediately when there is a good project 
[ Gosh | Faint ] ! [ You are greedy | You are thinking of those in the pot while eating those in your plate ] .
The salary is too low , so I 'm very unhappy 
If there is an institution that will give me 2,000 yuan , I 'll hop without any hesitation 
It 's impossible 
RunHua is almost the equivalent of a public institution . It 's so stable and the salary is so high . Occasionally you go visit Japan 
[ Gosh | Faint ] ! I have now been tortured so much that I 'm getting almost bald 
Huh ! Getting bald with such long hair ? 
But speaking of property , it 's not easy to do - too many troubles 
My stress is huge 
It wo n't be called trouble when you open a store after you have been doing it for a long time 
I even want to quit 
Risks and benefits are directly proportional . The higher the income is , the greater the responsibilities are 
Have you eaten ? 
Not yet 
Why do n't you go ? 
I 'm waiting . The one who went to buy vegetable pies has n't come back yet 
Such modest food ... 
The capacity for consumption is like this 
Huh 
Are you pretending to be poor even when the end of the world is coming ? 
Richness can be pretended , but poorness ca n't be pretended 
Heh heh 
Who said it ca n't be pretended ? 
How old is your son ? 
Is n't he little ? Does n't he go to preschool already ? 
Right , he is in the intermediate class 
Time flies 
Yeah . Yours will be the same 
We 're old before we know it 
Yeah 
I 'm getting off and going to eat 
Where do you usually work ? 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
In the north , on Qinghebei Road 
Oh , are there any buildings ? 
I do n't know the way 
Is it at where the EasyHome is ? 
Qinghebei Road , north exit of Shuitun Road 
North of Beiyuan Road 
I still do n't know 
The building 
Jinan Sports School 
I do n't know 
Redstar Macalline 
Your wife will go to work after the Chinese New Year , right ? 
At the beginning of January 
Her maternity leave is over - what a fuss 
It 's not so bad . You have your mother - in - law to look after the baby 
She has to come back to nurse , and also has to work 
Do n't come back 
Oh 
Do you know Jinan North high - speed exit ? 
I do n't know . I have a bad sense of direction 
Before the high - speed exit , go down the bridge at an exit called Qinghebei Road 
Yeah , I know that 
Oh 
Have you lost weight or gained weight recently ? 
I 'm still like before 
Not much change , but I 'm getting old 
You 're just over 30 
Just now is the time when you 're charming 
The changes have been large in the recent one year . I 've been a little overwhelmed 
You must learn how to lower your stress , otherwise you wo n't be able to take it 
Yeah 
Last week I almost wanted to quit - I was close to collapsing 
Do n't be absurd 
Ha ha 
I had a good cry , and I 'm okay this week 
Yeah 
If the stress is released , that 's fine 
Still crying at this old age . Do n't you feel shamed ? 
I have n't cried for a long time . It felt really good 
There 's a lot of stuff , both at home or at the work unit . I 'm extremely busy 
What stuff at home ? There 's certainly a lot of stuff in your work unit 
My son was sick and he had to get shots every day . I had to take care of him at night too 
Do n't you also have your husband ? 
My dad was still hospitalized 
My husband has continuously been working out of town 
Ugh ... 
I ca n't count on him at all 
Living in separate places [ wo n't do | is not a thing ] 
It 's okay 
We trust each other 
Transfer back soon 
Huh . How could it be that easy ? 
There are also many things in my work unit . Rating the top three hospitals made us tremendously stressed 
If it 's something to do with the husband and wife working in different places , that should be easy to handle 
Have you become so old that your husband can completely trust you ? 
OMG ... [ emoticon ] 
Did you get choked by the vegetable pie ? 
I was answering the phone 
You 're busy 
Not bad 
Hurry up and eat . The pie has become cold , has n't it ? 
There 's a microwave 
Ha , I 'm leaving 
I 'm leaving 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
Okay 
[ Bye | 8 ] 
Hey , can you download something for me ? 
Thanks 
You ’re so cool 
Is it okay to just ask you in the future ? 
It ’s not difficult at all . Do n’t you know how to download ? 
I did n’t apply 
Oh 
Ask me in the future 
But there are only a couple of days . It ’s going to be the end of the world soon . Ha ha ha ha ha 
By the way , do you have a Public Housing Accumulation Fund 
Yes 
Xiangxiang , have you decided whether you ’ll come tomorrow or the day after tomorrow ? 
Are you so busy , Xiangxiang ? 
I just got on the high - speed train . Are you busy today ? 
I ’m not busy . When will you probably arrive ? 
Around 11 o’clock 
Will you get off at Jinan Station or Jinan West Station ? 
It says Jinan on it 
That ’s Jinan Station 
Do you have any plans after you get there ? From what time to what time is the meeting in the afternoon ? 
The meeting is from 1:30 to 5:00 
I ’ll plan to meet you first [ emoticon ] . I have n’t seen you for many years 
Yeah , right 
Will you just go back in the evening ? 
Normally , yes 
This morning Baby repeatedly asked Mom to go back earlier 
Where is the meeting being held ? 
On the third floor of Grand Mercure Jinan Sunshine 
It ’s still there 
Yeah 
If you are not busy , go over and take a look . This project is very good .
Yeah , I ’ll go over if I have time 
I wonder whether you are chubbier or thinner ? 
Definitely chubbier 
Ha ha 
How about you ? 
I ’m thinner than before 
Really ? Heh heh , very good 
Is it because you are busy ? 
You love to drink beverages . Beverages are acidic . In the future , drink less beverages and it will help weight loss 
I have n’t drunk them for a while 
Now , it is just because I exercise less 
I went to the gym a few years ago and lost 25 kg in a short while 
But now they came back again 
It ’s the yo - yo effect . Many people will rebound after weight loss 
I rebounded after I stopped going 
The private coach got pregnant and stopped teaching 
You go ahead and do your stuff first . I 'll rest with my eyes closed for a while . I did n't sleep well last night . I had a dream in a daze of driving to Jinan to look for you . There were two strangers in the car , who desperately refused to get out of the car when we got to Jinan . It was dawn , and I did n't make it to meet you . [ Emoticon ] 
I ’ve arrived 
Ah ? Is n’t it at 11 o’clock ? 
I ’m leaving 
I calculated wrong 
Pay attention to the teacher . I wo n’t listen to what the teacher says – I ’ll only listen to =what you say 
Are you in Beijing ? 
I ’m in Jinan , ah 
Well , I saw something written on your signature line about trainings for store managers in Beijing , so I think you went to Beijing to attend the meeting 
Hehe , no 
It ’s just we had a training in Beijing 
Ah 
Do you usually work on books like enterprise yearbook ? 
It seems we do n’t 
Oh , come to see me if you need to publish books 
Wonderful 
=What are you doing now ? 
Publishing 
i oh 
My dear , come to see me if your company needs to publish something like yearbooks 
What is a yearbook ? 
Haha , it ’s the book made for trimming the brilliant performances achieved by a company 
Oh , I see , but it ’s always decided by the leaders , hehe 
[ Emoticon ] It 's fine , I just wanted to ask 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
How have you been recently ? 
How is your recovery ? 
Hehe , pretty good , my dear 
I 've been back to work for a month already 
My baby is four and half a months old now 
Oh , you took three months off 
Another month =off before that 
Oh , so your old folks are babysitting for you ? 
My mother is here now 
Hmm , pretty good , hehe , this way , you are much relaxed 
This is really not =bad 
Haha , good , nothing particular , just asking 
How have you been recently ? 
How is business at the little store ? 
Just as usual lately , hehe , gaining weight again 
The business at the little store is still self - sustaining in general . I 'm now working at a publishing house . So I 'm asking you , if you need to publish a book , you can come to me 
Haha , good 
Which publishing house are you at ? 
Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences Press 
Mainly for books of social sciences and the like 
Oh yes , you can also get Ph . D . dissertations or something similar published 
How much does it cost to publish a book generally ? 
For example , a Ph . D . dissertation 
In general , 30,000 for 200,000 characters , upwards or downwards depending on specific circumstances . For each additional ten thousand characters , add one thousand 
Oh 
If you have a project , it is the best , and with the project fund , you then do n't have to pay personally 
That 's true 
What ’s the procedure ？ 
How to purchase it ? 
Hi , Director Wang 
We start delivering goods after payment 
Do you need 4 ? 
Yes 
Can you send the issued invoice together ? 
Sure 
I will give you our corporation 's account 
Do you have Taobao or Alipay account ? 
No ， we do n’t 
That 's our corporation 's account 
The husk of water pusher is 50 Yuan / unit exclusive of freight 
Only one kind of type of water pusher , is n't it ? 
Did you purchase it today ? 
Yes 
How much is the freight ? 
Can you change it by yourself ? 
Is it easy to change ? 
It may cost less than 100 Yuan by express delivery 
It can be changed by yourself 
Is the expressage paid at arrival ? 
Yes 
Which express delivery company ？ 
Which company can arrive at your place ? 
Shunfeng Express 
Do you have Alipay acount ? It is very convenient ， payment is finished in real time 
No 
I have a personal card number , is that ok ? 
Too troublesome , I have to go to the bank 
Let me look over whether or not it is transferred 
You can transfer on the Internet 
Is there any other expresses except Shunfeng ? 
EMS 
Do n’t you have Yuantong or STO express ? 
We have STO express 
Is the personal account ok ？ 
Which bank is convenient for you to remit ? 
All are OK with me , I transfer it by Alipay 
Tell me when your payment is made so that I can ask the financing personnel to check it 
Then we can deliver the goods for you in time 
Please check the payment 
OK , I ’ll ask the financial personnel to check it a moment later 
The title of invoice should be ： Jinan City Athletic Training Base 
Give me your shipping address 
Is there only a total sum or unit price and number on the invoice ？ 
How do you want me to invoice ? 
320 RMB in total 
80 RMB per check , four checks , if you invoice separatel 
Ohm , 120 RMB more 
OK 
Can you make a delivery today ? 
Contact telephone 
Let me have a look 
I will give you the delivery order number after shipment 
Well 
Have you received the payment ? 
A moment later , I will let the financial personnel check it , I will leave you a message when we receive your payment 
OK 
Please make the delivery as soon as possible 
Please send the invoice together in the express 
Lanlan 
Yea 
Are you free today ? 
Yea . I miss you .
Tomorrow is the last day of the world [ expression ] 
Yea , the last day 
Do n't forget to eat dumplings tomorrow 
OK . Lanlan . There 's a snowball fight outside our dorm 
I just came back from making a snowman outside our dorm 
Oh . I just came back from a snowball fight . I 'm wet all over 
OK , I 'm pretty much the same 
Let 's start video . Lanlan [ expression ] 
I 'm in a video chat with Little Five 
OK , then you guys chat , I 'm changing my clothes 
OK 
[ smiley ] We respectfully invite all members of the union committee to provide ideas [ smiley ] 
The spouse of Teacher Zhang Xinjian of our faculty is ill and has been in hospital ; the spouse of Teacher Guan Jihui is unemployed ; Teacher Li Ying is a divorced single parent . Please will the leadership consider this . Thank you ! 
[ smiley ] Thank you , Teacher Zuo [ smiley ] 
The main thing is that the school has strict restrictions , and there is a limited number of places . So we can only apply for teachers suffering serious illnesses for now 
I 'll report the ideas you 've given me to management [ smiley ] 
Your [ online status | signature ] is getting harder and harder for me to translate , [ emoticon ] 
How should liveandletlive be translated ? 
Hoho , you are so studious 
It can be understood as : [ forgive and forget | forgive people where possible ] 
The direct translation is : Live and let others live 
Oh , it ca n’t be ? 
I ca n't think of a suitable meaning , no matter what 
Thanks 
Treat others the way you wish to be treated is also a form of empathy 
Lao - tzu Chapter VII : Heaven endures and earth long abides because they do not do it for themselves . Hence they are long lived . The sage places himself last , and yet it comes first ; he treats it as something external to him and it endures . It can also be a form of interpretation 
How should being lenient towards others and strict with oneself be translated ? 
I have n't read Lao - tzu 
Reading these works requires a quiet perusal 
Hoho , you are coming to test me [ emoticon ] 
I would n’t dare . Just asking for advice 
Try to translate one : beforgivingbutself - disciplined 
I barely managed to complete the task [ emoticon ] 
In my opinion , it 's an absolute answer of a Harvard standard 
Beijing is very cold now , right ? 
Yeah . Heavy snow last night . Went on a long - distance trip this morning and my hands were frozen stiff 
Today is the Winter Solstice . Are you also going to eat dumplings ? 
You did n't wear gloves on your hands ? 
I do n't like to eat dumplings 
I have gloves , just could n’t find them 
Hoho , still the genes of a Southerner 
Still the roots of Yongxin 
Hoho , it seems you 're also a beautiful girl who does n't care about her appearance 
Often [ empty - headed | lose three , missing four ] ? 
However , I do n't like Yongxin 's winters 
Yes . If I 'm not [ empty - headed | lose three , missing four ] , it would n’t be me [ emoticon ] 
Really ? How did I guess so accurately ? 
Heh heh , how do you understand me so well ? 
You should n't be working far from home ? 
It ’s very close , just beside my workplace 
Oh no , I just guessed it based on what you said 
Losing a glove is not a serious hindrance then 
Hoho , it ’s fine as long as I do n't disgrace myself 
How can such an intellectual woman like you disgrace yourself ? 
You do n't bother with trifles , but you are a very magnanimous person 
It can also be treated as : becriticalofoneselfbuttolerantofothers 
Hoho , it ’s true I do n't bother with trifles , sometimes I ’m like a man 
Practiced doing translations today 
The second kind is comparatively easy to understand 
I 'm very honored , you 're doing translation for me today for free 
Wait till there 's a better translation and I 'll tell you 
The greatest gift for the final days ! 
You get off work at five o'clock ? 
Yeah . Flexibly from 8 o'clock to 5 o'clock , or 8:30 to 5:50 
5:30 
I have only seen you write an English [ online status | signature ] once ? 
It will be effective if you tried it more often . Do n't be afraid of people laughing at you 
No , it ’s mainly because most of my [ chat group | group ] friends are n't used to me having an English [ online status | signature ] 
Hoho , weliveforourselves 
But I 'll pay attention to your [ online status | signature ] every day 
Yes . Live for ourselves 
There ’s no need to care too much about others 
But [ people live within a society | people are on rivers and lakes ] 
There are no [ societies | rivers and lakes ] in my heart , only lake waters of calmness 
Speaking of which , caring about others is actually secondary 
So you can live freely and at ease 
You 're not the same . The work that you do is related to this 
There 's nothing to blame 
Besides you have a lot of students among your [ chat group | group ] friends 
Actually my colleagues also rarely use English [ online statuses | signatures ] , but I do n't care 
To live , you have to courageously and candidly express yourself 
Your environment is a scholar 's world , 
I am indeed feeling a little inferior 
The environment is created by the heart 
I ’ve had it since young 
Why are you feeling inferior ? You 're very great , at least in my heart 
That ’s why there are people who say I 'm an ideological giant 
In action .. 
You 're using the method for praising students on me 
I once felt inferior too , but now I 'm much more confident 
I 'm not exaggerating my praise of you . It 's sincere 
From what aspect do you think so ? 
For example ? 
It ’s a kind of feeling 
I ca n't say it aloud 
So even if others keep thinking that you ca n’t make it , at least there will still be me supporting you [ emoticon ] 
Hoho 
There ? 
Yea 
? 
Yea , can you send me all of the weekly settlements from December ? 
Work days for each week 
Oh , OK , wait , I 'll find them 
OK [ expression ] 
Still have them ? 
No , only the 22nd , that should be the 3rd week 
Oh , OK [ expression ] 
Writing the monthly settlement 
Oh , OK , good luck 
Or can you help me write one [ expression ] 
I 'll take you out to a good meal [ expression ] 
I 'll look at the template , I 'll find it for you , then you just =change it 
[ expression ] I have a template here 
Then help me write one [ expression ] 
You send me the template 
OK 
Just write down this month 's activities [ expression ] 
That 's right , hehe , just change it 
Haha [ expression ] 
Dear , you help me write it [ picture ] 
OK , OK 
Yea , whenever you have time , I 'll take you to eat [ expression ] 
No problem , no need to be polite 
Haha , Luman is the best [ expression ] 
Ah [ expression ] 
Right , is our New Year 's Eve party tomorrow ? 
No , the evening of the day after tomorrow 
Changed to Monday 
Oh 
What are you laughing at ? 
Happy , you can help me write the monthly settlement 
Oh , what are you doing ? 
Doing the teacher 's requirement PPT 
Oh 
I have to submit it this evening [ expression ] 
OK 
Yea . [ expression ] 
You there ? 
Yea 
I did n't change the end 
OK , no problem , perfect 
Look to see if there 's anything that 's not right , then change it 
OK , leave the rest to me [ expression ] love you to death 
Yea 
I 'm here 
Un-huh 
I 'm sorry - I was on the phone just now 
Why did you eat dumplings ? 
It was the winter solstice yesterday 
Oh , you are southerners 
Oh , thanks . I did n't 
Have you eaten ? 
I 've eaten . Heh heh , it 's a Northern custom 
My mother is back and strict with me . I 'm going to bed 
Okay . Heh heh . Good night 
What are you doing ? 
I saw a movie just now , Lost in Thailand . It is pretty good .
Oh , I heard it is good 
Go to see it if you have time . You will get the feeling only when you see it in a cinema .
Oh , OK 
Do you work or rest today ? 
I worked for half a day this morning 
I rested yesterday 
Oh , it is pretty easy .
Right 
I work for less than 6 hours a day 
I am in bed now . I will go to Huangshi tomorrow . Did you contact A Tai ? 
No 
Go to sleep first 
It is early . I am watching TV in the bed .
When do you go to bed at night ? 
10:00 
Oh , you can surf the Internet in bed . It is warmer . Has your house been provided with a heating system ? 
Not yet 
Until 3 years later 
We here have neither gas nor heating system . None was considered at the time of design .
Oh , that is a bit inconvenient 
I am still using the gas tank , so depressed .
Hehe , there is nothing you can do 
Go to live in the USA in the future 
I hope so . It depends on Leilei 's fortune .
There wo n't be any problem 
Dad ! I quit ! My last work day is the 13th next month ! Did you get the postcard I sent you ? 
Merry Christmas ! 
Oh , then you can come home for New Year 's . I have n't gotten the postcard yet . Thanks .
Yea ! Yes ! Coming home for New Year 's ! 
Then let me know when you get it 
I had to go out just now . OK . Take care .
Welcoming the new evening party dance , marching parade , cheer leaders , second in the badminton competition , New Year 's Eve party dancing 
Happy Christmas Eve , have a peaceful life .
Sent 
Oh yea , there 's also the dorm leader 
Yea . Send to those who participated 
Yea 
Hungry [ expression ] 
(^V^) Sleep once it 's all in order , goodnight 
Yea . Goodnight .
There ? 
Yea 
Can you send me a specific one you want statistics for ? 
What kind of language organization ? 
Student name , activity name , number of participations 
Are you done ? 
Do they have to have a certificate of merit ? 
No , just participating is OK 
What is this for ? 
For points ? 
Class selection 
Does the outstanding dorm count ? 
What outstanding people , there are too many in our class .
Does n't count 
They collectively participated 
OK 
Yea 
You tell me , I 'll write it down 
Do the people in the athletic meet formation count ? 
Yes 
OK , good 
Sister Yuan . Does our department have that award for outstanding organizers ? 
Why would there be such an award ? 
[ expression ] There was n't when I was a freshman 
It 's just that other departments all have it , now they 're calculating it [ expression ] 
Really ? I 'll ask .
For the New Year 's Eve party ? 
Yea ? This is n't related to the New Year 's Eve party , it is for the activities you normally participate in 
Which departments have it ? 
Yea , is there an outstanding organizer award for activities held by our department ? 
The Secretariat and Physical Education Department have it 
I 'll ask .
OK .
The Secretariat says they do n't have it , because they do n't have activities 
[ expression ] OK , Sister Yuan , do we have it too ? 
The Physical Education Department is violating the rules in having it , the presidium only learned about it afterward .
Oh . I thought all departments had it . I only found out about it when I was in the statistics class [ expression ] 
I 'll ask whether a certificate can be issued for working hard for two activities 
No problem . Sister Yuan , do n't ask .
So everyone can try to get it 
No problem , I 'll just ask 
It 's too much trouble , Sister Yuan . The Physical Education Department can break the rules , but we can't ? [ expression ] 
I 'll apply first , that does n't count as breaking the rules ! 
So you all can try to win it 
[ expression ] OK . Do n't try too hard on it Sister Yuan ... 
OK , get some rest soon ! 
OK , I got it , Sister Yuan [ expression ] 
Goodnight Sister Yuan 
Today is Christmas Eve . Are there activities there ? 
Church 
[ New World | Xintiandi ] Market should have =activities as well ? 
My younger sister always has talent … 
... 
Church , is Christian= 0 
Zhoupu Wanda Plaza . It 's closer to go over there from here 
Do n't know if there 's anything to [ do | play ] in the evening 
Is n't it =snowing heavily over there ? 
Heavy snow 
Beautiful 
Crystal Fountain ? First Lady ? 
Clematis " Henryi " 
I 've seen very many . All have six petals 
This one has eight petals 
Some only have four petals 
Really . Mine all has 6 petals . Early large - flowered type 
Hehe 
The Baltyk , Captain Thuilleaux , and Miss Bateman have 8 petals too .
The names sound really nice 
Yes 
Each species has a story 
Very magical 
2011 - 2 - 3 
Chinese rose 
Chinese rose is not an attraction 
It 's very aesthetic 
(( It depends on light and shade )) , and the kraft paper book sleeve at the bottom 
Wine ? 
The color of kraft paper 
... 
Still have n't finished blooming ? 
The tulips I planted myself on 2011-3-31 
Not bad 
You 're very thoughtful 
Did n't shoot the 2012 ones . The large bulb planted now just sprouted 
March next year 
Nearly blooming 
Yeah , there are also bulbous irises , giant onions , grape hyacinths 
2012-5-25 
Your hyacinths will bloom and bear fruit [ emoticon ] 
There are also little toys 
It will have offsprings 
Big mouth monkey , I made the label 
If the growth is not good 
I suggest frequently changing the soil 
Repotted and planted 
Some soil when cultivated for a long time will have no nutrients 
Planning not to take the bulb out . Will repot in autumn 
Can cover it with a little gravel or something . Not showing the soil makes it more beautiful 
Made the label like this 
Hehe , not bad 
Okay , I ’m going to stop looking . Need to save some [ for later | to press at the bottom of the chest ] 
Life is very elegant 
She 's a person bored to tears 
Yeah . She prefers a slow life , but in this environment you ca n't just slow down when you want 
Studying this all day long 
Can only find a little pleasure for yourself 
What topics are you chatting about ? 
Fun alone is not as good as fun in a group 
How come I ca n't understand ? 
So polite 
I wish you a merry Christmas ! 
Suddenly so many people are coming out =0 
This elementary student 's essay is very true , reflecting some situations of today 's society , views on love and marriage , system of values , etc .. 
Hehe ... 
Your Honor … your image is broken ... 
[ image ] Elementary students are so rich ? 
I 'm probably lagging , hehe 
About this , Your Honor , apart from iPhone5's phone functions being a little [ shitty | 5 ] , i is still very presentable .
Teacher self - assessment : An emotional life richer than the teacher 's illustrates she may again be one of the " left overs " .
Is [ Chong Er | Worm Two ] Teacher Huang ? 
Yes 
Me , [ I | the untalented one ] am him 
Teacher Huang is in the chat group 
Faint , your eyes are very unique 
Elementary students are very [ rich | have rice ] now . [ Lucky money given to children | press age money ] for Chinese New Year adds up to tens of thousands 
What Teacher Huang said is very profound . My level is limited . Hehe 
Haha , His Honor just saw 
This ... 
Then I 'll continue [ lurking | diving under water ] 
Did n't see you get online 
Your Honor , continue 
Uh , occasionally active in the chat group 
Hehe 
Your Honor is considered an activist 
Could it be because the goddess is here ? 
Activists are alright ... 
By all means do n't be a terrorist 
Maybe later he will be , being spoken of like this by you 
More active . [ emoticon ] 
Haha , fine , fine 
Why ca n't you upload some normal images ? 
[ emoticon ] Unlikely to go as far as this 
Indeed so 
(( Is Guanfa the latter ? )) 
I 'm being transformed into the latter 
Able to chat while sitting in the office today , otherwise I 'd be blown by northwesterly wind on the construction site 
Indeed ... 
Toilsome 
Not as toilsome as you two [ emoticon ] 
The two bosses , how much of the year - end bonus will you issue to employees ? [ emoticon ] 
Guess [ emoticon ] 
Others transform from cocoon into butterflies . You transform from cocoon into a worm 
[ Chong Er | Worm Two ] ? Teacher ? Or a shop manager born in the 90's ? 
Haha 
[ Bonus | Red envelope ] should n't be small 
[ Younger sister | MM ] Dai is amazing 
Would be better off not transforming than transforming from the cocoon into a worm . Continue being a worm 
The key is Pisces , haha 
That 's Teacher then . Lacking in manners [ emoticon ] 
Teacher , does [ Chong Er | Worm Two ] get its meaning from " beautiful scenery is boundless " ? 
Amazing as expected , Sister Dai 
Do you like literature ? : ) 
No , I heard it before while in Hangzhou ... 
Yeah , Yanzi , your brother is not here ? : ) 
Have your brother buy you [ Chong Er | Worm Two ] women 's clothing . : ) 
Ask my sister - in - law this 
I 'm March 10th . You all are March 5th , March 15th = - 
It ca n't be from Hangzhou again ... 
Yanzi is smart ... 
Is n't your sister - in - law " Speechless " ? Guess she wo n't make a sound in the chat group 
Guanfa , you have no choice now ? 10th , haha 
Haha , the day I was born snowed 
I see Principal Guan of Zhengzhou is opening a business class again .
Wow 
Boss has also become a profession 
In fact , operation and management of florists are coming up all around Shanghai 
Only Shanghai is a [ tranquil environment | breeze is still , waves are quiet ] .
Teacher , the " Masao Mizukami " Sogetsu video you spoke about 
We have found it on Garden Online . Is it that non-members ca n't see it ? 
I believe , Shanghai certainly can . Shanghai is a magical city 
Yanzi is studious . : ) 
The living standards of people who live in the magical city are all very luxurious 
Must learn from Classmate Yan 
I seldom receive directions . Of course I want to learn . It 's mainly a deep curiosity 
Teacher , how come your Weibo is =always introducing flower language ? 
Haha , because I 'm waiting 
Waiting . Yes , we 're all waiting 
What are you waiting for ? : ) 
I 'm waiting too 
The [ woman 's companion | =flower protector ] is ? 
Waiting for what ? 
Dai Yan 's brother 
Has Teacher fainted yet ? 
I thought so 
The speech is so " energetic " 
I 'm waiting for the year - end bonus mentioned above [ emoticon ] 
It 's too early for the year - end bonus , at the end of January , beginning of February 
Teacher will be fine … 
? Fine how ? 
This can even make use of " energetic " 
Just thinking of talking about " Speechless " . You should have appeared .
Have always been here … 
It 's just that your [ standards | eyes ] are set too high , Teacher … 
Did n't see me ... 
Saw you earlier . Did n't think such a special name was you … I guess Speechless is n't here .
[ emoticon ] Watching from the sidelines 
Far worse than Teacher ... 
=Which younger sister is Speechless ? 
Your sister - in - law … 
That younger sister … 
… … Sister - in - law Dai , sorry , sorry 
I 'm going to get busy . Sun Guanfa , hold out . : ) 
As you wish , Teacher , hehe 
I 'm going to get busy too . Continue , Your Honor ... 
Find some free time [ emoticon ] , squeeze in some time [ emoticon ] , keep the lover in the dark [ emoticon ] , go look in the chat group [ emoticon ] .
Adorned with evil intentions [ emoticon ] , bring along lust [ emoticon ] , secretly and lustfully [ emoticon ] , come to look in the chat group [ emoticon ] .
Meet some handsome guys [ emoticon ] , get intimate [ emoticon ] intimate [ emoticon ] . See beautiful women [ emoticon ] then stir up trouble [ emoticon ] . Tell the head of the chat group about life 's [ emoticon ] worries . Talk to the management [ emoticon ] about style issues . Come to look in the chat group often , come to look in the chat group , even if only to upload an image without speaking 
[ emoticon ] Wishing all the darlings in the chat group a Merry Christmas in advance ! 
Merry Christmas ! ~ 
Our company 's brochure is out now 
I 'm primarily responsible for the typesetting and what not . If interested , I can mail it to everyone , as marketing . Hehe 
Steeping jujube tea and accompanying the puppy on Christmas Eve .
Postage is paid by your company ? 
If your company is paying , I 'll take one 
I will take a dozen 
If the company does n't pay , I 'll pay 
Haha , =seriously . I 'm not joking 
Seriously 
Is it heavy ? If not , bring them over at the next gathering .
[ emoticon ] Your Honor has quite a sense of justice . [ One " like " | praise one ] 
Sorry about the postage you have to pay .
Ah , I can apply for reimbursement . It 's alright . I 'm in the sales department .
Haha 
Ah , apply for reimbursement 
Haha , in private , send me a text 
I received several calls in class these past few days . None were answered . If classmates in the chat group have called , please text and inform me of your name . I will add you all to my contacts . Thanks . :) I did n't mean to not answer . : ) 
Which one is [ Beautiful Scenery is Boundless | Fengyue Wubian ] ? 
Xuanzi , you did n't attend the gathering last week . Your real name is ? 
Hello everyone , I 'm new 
Please use your real name 
It was n't that I did n't participate . I actually did n't have time . Took a certificate and rushed off 
I originally wanted to slip out and attend class . In the end I was urgently recalled from a place 600 km away 
Anyone here ? 
There was actually already a gathering . How come I did n't know 
The time spent [ lurking | diving under water ] was too long … 
Do n't want to spend Christmas Eve at the office 
Haha ! Happy Holidays 
Everyone celebrated Christmas last night . Still have n't woken up 
[ emoticon ] See it now 
One woke up 
See it again .
Even let you see that … 
Jealous ? Hahaha 
It 's admiration ... 
Necessarily ... 
Liu Ping is awake too 
The evening was the same as normal . Slept early 
Good morning , everyone 
Teacher … talking about you or me … ? 
? What did I say ? 
[ Previous poster | Upstairs ] said it ... 
I do n't know either 
Hehe 
Of course talking about you , haha 
Okay ... 
I will take the [ fall | black pot ] ... 
I wish all my fellows a Merry Christmas - Prosperous New Year 
Thanks Xin Rui . Good morning , Meng Xiaozhou 
You be careful , once Liu Ping [ becomes ruthless | closes the door and unleashes the puppies ] , you wo n't have the money anymore . =Quite energetic 
Energetic 
Teacher … Is this you ? 
You … I 'm not as handsome as Brother Biao 
Even less handsome than the portrait of the Chairman 
Quite energetic , you fight for young innovative inventors ... 
Xin Rui , Meng Xiaozhou , you did n't use real names . So please introduce yourselves a bit . Some people want to know you 
Yu Jiandong 
Hello Classmate Jiandong 
Young innovative inventor … ? 
Hello Teacher 
An innovator ... 
Hehe 
Teacher … how do I fight for it … 
Have n't added . Classmate Dai , think and summarize in practice 
Okay 
Teacher , when do we go to your shop to study ? 
I dare not ( accept the honor ) ... 
The experimental flower shop I opened is just to coordinate with thesis data , to validate the processes and phenomena provided to me by many florists .
Equivalent to a florist 's " laboratory " 
If interested , everyone is very much welcome to visit and give some guidance 
It still lags behind formal shops that are well known , but next year I will look for a number of the industry 's famous shops , so that everyone has the opportunity to visit .
If you are a florist branch member , hehe 
I suggest that the class leader organize this . Also includes the shops that our classmates opened [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] , Okay 
Daijin is the best supporter 
Firmly support the party 's leader ... 
Did Your Honor play too [ much | high ] last night … 
Admire Huazhe 's keen observation 
Do n't dare , do n't dare ... 
How dare you [ show off in front of the master | play with the broadsword in front of Guan Gong ] 
Then ... I 'm going to get busy , you keep playing . :) dodge 
Good morning everyone [ emoticon ] 
How come Teacher has dodged ? 
Finally [ showed yourself | bubbled up ] 
Just arrived at the company not long ago =0 
Last night I went to eat at the [ Fuchun Dumpling | Fuchun Xiaolong ] restaurant . That restaurant is very affordable and refreshing 
I recommend that everyone go eat there . It 's nearby the Beixinjing subway entrance 
Brother Dai , you have to play Santa Claus in the evening . Put presents in your daughters stocking 
Put French fries in it . The little fellow likes to eat it the most 
Add one bag of ketchup 
It will get cold - 0 
Not as good as going to [ KFC | daddy deceiving chicken ] for a meal , ha 
Little fellow likes to eat McDonald 's 
Faint ... 
Wish everyone happy holidays 
Morning , Pingping 
Hehe 
Sharing joy , sharing joy ... 
Did everyone participate ? 
Can you see my image ? 
A Christmas tree made of egg cases is not bad 
Hello everyone . I am Meng Xiaozhou , changed my name , ha 
The net is lagging in the early morning .. Sigh 
Creative things are fun to play with 
Wang Chenxi … female ? 
A classmate in the same class at the university 
Has this name too 
Female 
What a coincidence … Yeah 
Teacher Huang ! New Year break period ! Several classmates and I are coming to your shop to play … do n't know ! Do you have time ? 
Classmates , where is the shop ? 
Do n't know 
Christmas has passed , the New Year day is coming , both has a character pronounced [ “ egg ” | dan ] . Happy egg festival [ emoticon ] 
Started work ? 
Mm 
Do n’t you have to ? 
I ’m at work 
There ’s now a high speed railway line from Beijing to Wuhan 
Plane ticket prices have dropped very considerably 
That ’s true 
You never used to get discounts on plane tickets 
Are you there ? 
I ’m here 
Want to talk to you 
I ’ve been on work trip for a few days 
Where did you go ? 
When I got back I was a bit busy 
Just to a meeting in the outskirts of Wuhan 
How do you export phone numbers out of an IPHONE ? 
Import them into the computer 
Use iTunes to synchronize 
iphone is a real pain 
You have to tick an option , that is only add , do n’t reduce , I ca n’t remember what the option ’s actual name is 
You can Baidu it 
Are you good at using it ? 
Last time I imported them I forgot to click that tick , and my computer did n’t have any entries , so the computer overwrote the phone ’s contact list . It became a blank apple 
When will you be free to teach me in any evening ? 
Only average 
At work I ca n’t connect to ITURNS 
I am trying to export my phone numbers , then import them into the IHONE5 card 
You ’ve changed again to an iPhone 5 
Mm 
First synchronize your iPhone4 contact list with iTunes , then synchronize iTunes with your iphone5 
They really are a pain to use 
Teach me next time 
I do n’t have that much experience . You look it up for yourself on Baidu , it ’s not hard 
Hehe 
Mm 
I ca n’t concentrate on anything 
If I could calm down , I ’d be much better 
You ca n’t do anything well when you ca n’t concentrate 
Everyone loses concentration a bit 
I do , too 
Well , my mind ’s all over the place 
Is Manager Che there ? 
I ’m sorry . I called the wrong number 
There is a candidate named Gao Gang . We made an appointment with him to come here for an interview in the afternoon . The initial appointment time is 2 p.m. I gave him your phone number 
There is another candidate who has n’t answered the phone all along . All others were contacted . I ’ll give the details and the contact information to you later 
Okay , Xiaobin . Good job 
Thank you very much 
You ’re welcome 
Hehe , did you come to work ? 
I did 
I ’m working 
Hehe 
I start work at 1:00 
Manager Chen , please change the hygiene area for us .
Yours and that of the investment promotion department are to be exchanged , right ? 
OK , but the hygiene division plans of the third floor are kept by Yuan Li . You can ask Yuan Li to get them 
Um 
And then you can make modifications 
OK 
Because the hygiene area there is always used by them . I need to clean it on the next day after they use it .
Exchange the one of Sanshang Media and that of the Brand Operations Division 
Um 
and then print them out 
and send to me 
I will then issue a notice 
Um 
You have to modify the plans first . Thank you 
Um 
You and your brother come to the company with your driving licenses tomorrow , and be prepared to get demerit points 
I see 
My driving license .
I 'm back ? 
In my place 
Um , OK 
Have you seen “ Lost in Thailand ” and “ 1942 ” ? 
I have n’t seen “ 1942 ” , ha ha 
Do n’t see it . It ’s bad 
It ’s very boring 
I thought = “ Lost in Thailand ” was okay after I saw it ! I have n’t been planning to see “ 1942 ” ! It ’s too bitter 
It would okay if it was really that bitter , but it did n’t get the essence . It ’s not good 
Really ? Did you see “ Lost in Thailand ” ? 
Are you busy lately ? 
I ’m watching it . I downloaded from the internet . I do n’t have time to go to the movie theater ! 
I ’m busy – busy looking after the kid , ha ha 
You are happy ! Does he know how to say “ Daddy ” ? 
He is too little for that 
Who ’s that fast ? 
Merry Christmas ! [ emoticon ] 
Merry Christmas ! 
Ha , super cute 
Jiji 
Yea ? 
Come to the fifth floor during the party 
Otherwise it wo n't be easy to visit 
Our class ca n't go .
Why ? 
Our class ca n't go to other classes to make dumplings 
How about the original classroom ? 
Renmin University three is used , if they were all given to everyone 
You are Thursday too , =right ? 
I 'm not sure . It should be tomorrow .
Merry Christmas 
Qingqing . You too . Merry Christmas 
I 'm super busy nowadays . Boohoo 
Haha , take care of your health 
Haha , what are you busy doing ? 
In class and the department . I 'm too busy with the students ' association [ expression ] 
Haha , have some fun when you get a chance 
I 'm about the same as you 
Let 's go hang out with him when we have time [ expression ] 
Yea , OK 
Oh , right , last time he said you told him I have a boyfriend ? 
I did n't say that . Why ? 
It 's nothing , I think he was just making it up 
[ expression ] But Qingqing is thinner now 
... no - _ - | | | 
Yes [ expression ] 
You 're mistaken - _ - | | | 
[ expression ] Nope 
[ expression ] I wish I were thinner , too bad the lazy man does n't agree , ah 
Awww ... 
Why are you sighing ? 
Busy 
It seems that you have been busy recently 
Exactly 
Are things getting more after the merge ? 
It was 1 in the past 
Now it is 1000 
So cruel 
Exactly 
Then you do your things 
I will not disturb 
Notify me when you guys are getting together 
OK 
We have n’t been together for quite a long time 
Yes 
I had the Christmas Eve alone 
What about your friends 
Did n’t you take a walk outside ? 
No 
Too many people 
I dare not go out 
I did n’t want to get lost 
Is this a book ? 
Yes 
Send it again 
I 've gone offline 
I think a battery is also a catalyst 
Yes 
They all have a connection with catalysts 
Hmm , a very complex synthetic catalyst 
I want to go and do a thermogravimetric test on the battery following carbon deposition , and I can use infrared to measure the carbon dioxide signal , and react to them 
It seems they do this type of testing in our school 
report 
The carbon dioxide signal ? 
Yes 
Once the thermogravitational field has been measured using infrared , 
you can measure the battery 's gravitational fluctuations and its carbon dioxide signal 
That is , measuring the carbon dioxide 
It 's the same thing as the tpo done abroad , 
I think 
I see 
The silver battery must work 
Teacher 
? 
There 's an interesting thing 
== I 
Go ahead 
What thing ? 
Just a minute 
Hehe 
Teacher , take the call , problem 1 : I found when the ventilation capacity was 100 , how come at the same temperature , how can the resistance of the hydrogen gas be greater than that of biogas , but its power discharge be higher than that of biogas ? Problem 2 : when raising the incoming volume of biogas , why does it still lag behind hydrogen gas in terms of power discharge ? 
Data supplement 1 is drawn in line with the temperature of the biogas , and data supplement 2 is drawn in line with the temperature it is being tested at 
Is it the same battery ? 
Teacher , I 'm going to go and have something to eat 
What 's the difference in the resistance ? 
OK 
I 'll come over this afternoon 
OK 
That resistance is all there 
OK . I 'll take a look 
Or maybe we can look into it together when you come over this afternoon 
Han Chen ? 
Here 
Yea , how late am I ? 
Just a bit 
Pretty silent 
Yea . What did you talk about ? 
In any case , I feel that it 's not right to do it like this 
Who is n't right ? 
How did he know we sent an invitation ? 
This is n't necessary 
Who can notify him in the dorm ? 
The department head must have mentioned it 
Did n't Brother Chunqiu chat with him ? 
He must know 
When we went did Chunqiu chat with him again ? 
Yea , borrowed notes from him 
OK .
I forgot , actually it 's nothing . I do n't know why he found us 
He must be afraid we object to him 
Anxious 
Forget it , forget him , it does n't matter [ expression ] 
Going to sleep .
OK , goodnight 
OK , goodnight , Chenchen [ expression ] wait for me when you 're done washing your butt 
You wash your mouth out 
Are you there ? 
Why is n’t there any business on Taobao recently ? 
None of the winter collection has ever been sold 
Neither do I 
Aliexpress is easier to do business after all 
I ’ll go have a meal 
Adjust the people again 
I 'm just sending these 
For managers in each department to fill in 
Mm . OK 
Who do we give them to ? You or Huihui ? 
Gao Hongxia for the decorating company on the second floor , Zhang Min for brand management on the third floor , Lu Ying for San Shang Media , I 'll collect them for administration on the fourth floor 
Who is it for the factory ? 
You collect them yourselves in finance 
Other goods need to have their names marked on them . The factory does not have to tally them now , they can be counted when they have been moved to the new storage facility 
We 'll tally up Finance ourselves 
OK . So , when the four people above have finished their counts , we just send the forms to you ? 
I 'll send out a notice .
OK . They must tally everything clearly 
Not just all the items listed on the form , anything that belongs to the company has to be tallied up .
I understand .
In the blank part , we write the number of items , OK ? 
We do n't have to write brand and model numbers , right ? 
Does anyone in your office need a Bank of China credit card ? 
I 'm not getting one 
I 'm worried I 'll spend money I do n't have 
Jian Yuping does n't want to get one either 
Right 
The chosen topic is very good , but the subject should be clarified .
Do you want to discuss the current situation and reason of English study among Chinese people , or the history of English study among Chinese people , or restriction of English study among Chinese people by the study of other foreign languages ? 
It 's enough to discuss one aspect . Do n't involve too expensive aspects . It 's just my personal opinion for reference .
=OK~ I 'm afraid that I am not able to write 3000 words about only one point . Hee Hee . Let me collect some information again~ 
Thank you , teacher ><~ [ picture ] 
It 's very easy to write 3000 words . You are welcome .
It 's very easy to write 3000 [ emoticon ] I would like to fight to reach this level >< 
Aunt 
Did n't you go to work ? 
I 'm on the middle shift 
Oh 
Have you had lunch ? 
No 
How come you 're logging onto QQ this early ! 
I 'm cooking it now 
You 're fabulous 
Oh 
You make your lunch then 
Chat with you later 
Oh 
Aunt 
I 'm going out to do something 
Let 's chat when I 'm back 
Oh 
Are you there ? 
I 've just come back 
Qiuguang , did you also send the news release to Division Chief Xu the other day ? ? 
Yeah , Teacher Xing asked me to send it 
A trailer ; a news release ? 
What trailer ? 
I also have a trailer 
I do n't know 
It was registered before the event , and the news release was registered after the event 
I only send the new releases 
In your file folder 
[ I 'm confused | Faint ] 
Okay 
Can you help me change the format ? I ca n't open it 
Thanks 
Call me Brother 
Brother 
Did your mother go back ? 
Right , she went back 
Did the cell phone go back too ? 
No , she forgot it 
Where are you now ? 
Shanghai 
Come to Beijing to visit me 
Let ’s hang out together 
I ’ll go back to Chenzhou tomorrow 
Okay . I want to go back too 
Go back . There are trains 
What ’re you doing ? 
I went to the New Oriental this morning 
Really ? What do you think ? 
I do n’t know . I did some questions and felt the reading was kind of difficult and also the correction of sat 
The reading content is from “ New York Times ” 
Did you go there to have an interview ? 
I think it ’s all right , I know most of them 
Yeah . I did n’t have classes on Saturday and wanted to see if there were any opportunities 
good ! 
I want to be enriched 
That ’s really good ! 
I have about 20 hours classes every week .
There are two cancelled almost every week for some reason , so it ’s not a fixed schedule 
Oh , that ’s it ! 
Okay ! 
You are in the studying abroad in North America department , right ? 
Yeah . How did you know ? 
I guessed it .
LOL 
Where are you now ? 
What does LOL mean ? 
Ha ha , do n’t you know ? 
laugh out loud – it means “ ha ha ” in China 
Oh , it does n’t matter . You ’re not out because it ’s more commonly used in North America 
He is kind of native 
I have a little bit of an impression 
I met a teacher from the North America department 
I just thought of you 
In fact I often think of your / mischievousness [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] Really ? Thanks 
Yeah . I just think of you and there is no other meaning 
Ha ha , no problem . I did n’t think about it too much . It ’s a good thing if you can think of me , and it ’s karma if we can meet each other 
Qiong , I left a message to Xiao Yan on QQ , but nobody replied . I do n't know what 's going on 
You ca n't get through the phone ? 
Yes 
She should be fine .
Is the phone service terminated ? 
The number is empty 
Ah 
The phone service has also been stopped 
Are you far away from her ? 
If it 's far , I can just take a taxi to go there . The problem is that she does n't have a phone . I have to find her house based on the number , and I do n't know when she is at home 
I only have time on Sundays . I do n't know if she will accompany her child to attend lessons or something like that on Sundays 
Yes 
Let Zhenya ask , 
Xiao Yan is also well acquainted with Zhenya 's mother , but since she said something in the group last time , I have had no information about her . I do n't know whether she , , , 
Try to ask Zhenya 
Um , let me have a try 
I ’m here 
I ’m going to take a rest 
So early ? 
Why do n’t you go take a rest when it ’s so late ? 
I ’m on a break 
Ugh … . You have to go to bed early 
I ate late 
Oh , oh , so that ’s it 
I ’m watching dramas 
What ’re you watching ? 
Do you mean movies ? 
Kid , we ’ll just talk for a short while because it ’s time for me to go to bed 
Everything ’s okay . “ The Last Tycoon ” or “ The Chinese Animal Zodiac ” 
Ha ha , okay 
I know . When do you want to go ? 
Whenever you have time 
Do you want to go in the afternoon or evening ? 
Afternoon 
It ’s too dark in the evening , and scary 
LOL , dark evenings are always more scary than daytime ] 
Okay , in the afternoon then . How about tomorrow afternoon ? 
In the afternoon of the day after tomorrow . I have yoga classes tomorrow night 
Okay , the afternoon of the day after tomorrow 
Good kid , go to rest early 
Okay , go to bed 
Teacher Chen , Happy New Year 
Are you well ? 
Is work going smoothly ? 
Good , thanks . Are you doing well over there ? 
Also wishing that all things go smoothly for you in the New Year as well . Be happy .
Hoho , quite well . I ’m at a travel agency now . Resigned from the hotel 
Thanks , Teacher Chen 
Miss you and Teacher Zhu 
I want to go back and listen to you teaching your classes 
Okay . Take good care when you are away from home . Hope everything goes well .
Yeah . Everything is good on this end . You do n't have to worry 
Is your work going smoothly ? 
This year , do you have the chance to go home to celebrate the New Year ? 
No ... 
Because I changed jobs in May , and I have n't gotten to vacation yet 
It ’s all right , half a year more and I will go back to work in Wuhan .
Really ? 
That 's quite good 
Yes . Get in touch with your parents often . Send word of your safety more often .
Yes . I always call home every week 
Looking forward to it . That ’s a must .
I ’m truly unqualified to be a student , to be honest 
You all are busy with work . It does n't matter . As long as you all are fine , I 'll be very happy .
I did n't even contact you and Teacher Zhu when I came , and still troubled you and Teacher Zhu to worry about me 
Hoho , I wo n’t do it again in the future 
It ’s what I ought to do . When a student returns to China , I 'll ask about your situation .
I am really very ashamed 
Do you like this job now ? 
It 's all right . There are all sorts of people over here anyway . There are all sorts of happenings . Really trains a person 
It should be time to find a boyfriend now , right ? When will you bring a handsome guy back to show us ? 
Hoho . Teacher Chen is really amusing . Nonetheless I like Chinese more . More reliable 
Not yet , for the time being . I ’ll wait till you introduce one to me 
Life is quite simple over here . Go to work and get off work every day . Have n't considered the rest yet 
Yes , you should incorporate it into the agenda . Every period of time has things that should be done . I 'll keep an eye out for a suitable one .
Hoho , I ’m joking with you 
I do n't want to find a boyfriend this soon 
Wait till destiny comes , and it will be a natural matter 
I just briefly chatted with Zeng Fei too . He 's going back right away . Also resigned 
Many people have all gone back 
Yes . I know . Zeng Fei and I are often in touch .
The majority has also gone to Macau .
Yes . Is Macau very good ? 
(( Capital )) 
That could be possible 
It 's mainly because you are all outstanding .
Hoho , whenever mentioned , it 's always “ freshmen graduates , taught by Teacher Chen ” 
How so ? 
The key is to have an outstanding teacher 
You flatter me . But students really give me a great sense of accomplishment .
The students who were taught by you make up the majority of the ones that are doing well here 
Yes 
Sometimes when speaking with them I feel very happy too . Your efforts were not in vain 
Teacher Chen . Do n't speak so politely with me . [ You should be proud | your pride ] 
We students are also happy 
You 're much more confident than before now . Good , good , good .
Hoho . Is n't that because you taught well back then ? 
I ’m always mindful of what you said to me previously 
I ca n’t [ embarrass you | make you lose face ] 
I have to work hard myself 
Made me very proud . I 'm truly very pleased .
Hoho . No matter what you say , with such an outstanding teacher like you , how bad can the students you taught get ? 
I ’m truly quite grateful to you and Teacher Zhu 
Shall I let Teacher Zhu chat a few lines with you ? 
Teacher Zhu is there ? 
I had added Teacher Zhu 
Teacher Zhu still has n't responded to mine 
Zhou Lei , hello . I just got back . Hoho 
You 're at home today ? 
Hoho . Oh , Teacher Zhu 
I have n't turned the computer on 
Happy New Year 's Day . Wishing that you shall get younger and younger . Good health and peace 
No problem 
I 'll add you when I turn on the computer at night 
No problem . No hurry 
My eyes are n’t really good at viewing the computer , so I 've been slow 
After getting off the phone with you yesterday I looked for Zhang Mingyue to ask for your [ QQ instant messenger | button button ] number 
No problem . Are your eyes okay ? 
Wishing you a happy holiday too 
Hoho . Oh yeah . Quite happy 
There are fireworks over here in the evening 
Teacher Chen is home . You have a good celebration with Teacher Chen today as well 
In the past when I led the research and training class , my eyes were bloodshot and very uncomfortable . Now I 'm very protective of my eyes . So I have n't (( sent )) it this year 
Hoho . You know , fireworks are being set off again today 
We can watch the news , and then we ’ll be able to see the scenes of celebration , 
I just need to work less on the computer and watch less TV , and then rest properly . Then my eyes wo n’t give me problems 
Then go out for a walk more often 
It 's healthy and entertaining , and rests your eyes 
I sometimes use those disposable eye drops without antiseptics , that just moisten the eyes . Pretty good 
Very good 
Yes . I do go outside to walk sometimes 
Keep using it then . Be careful when you eat too . Combine diet with medication 
Yes . I 'm very careful now . Hoho , are you off today ? 
I ’m working today . Just not busy today , the vacation has already begun . That ’s why I finally have time 
The subway is open now too . It 's very convenient to go everywhere 
Hoho . Yeah , yeah . Okay . Talking to you feels warm and cordial 
Yes . I heard about it . The traffic in Wuhan has improved somewhat now . A huge happy event 
In particular , crossing the river is very fast . From Hankou to Wuchang , the time has been greatly shortened 
Yes . I heard about it . Did n't they say it only takes a few minutes ? Saves a lot of time 
When you 're not busy , go out to walk more 
The subway station , Yangjiawan , is right in front of our school . Very convenient 
Really ? That 's so good . You only have to step out the door 
It ’s truly quite convenient 
Just opened a few days ago . Too many people are going to experience it . We do n't want to go catch the excitement . Wait till some time has passed before we go walk around . We often take the subway when leading groups in Shanghai 
No longer have to squeeze on the bus 
The bus is bustling with activity now , not crowded at all 
Hoho . Oh yeah . Wait till the peak period has passed before going . It 's a nuisance if there are many people 
Do you still frequently go out to lead groups now ? 
It ’s really good 
No. I even went during the year of 2005 . Next year I reckon I 'll have to go lead groups again 
Leading groups is very exhausting , right ? Do n't go then . Leading students at home is quite good 
Leading groups is actually very simple and does n't take much when the students have grown accustomed to obeying you 
There ’re a lot of worries 
Yeah . I ’ve gotten used to it . I have to go to the kitchen now . Hoho . Sorry , I 'm cooking now 
Oh yeah . Go ahead and get busy 
No problem 
Let ’s chat again another time 
Okay 
I 'll often contact you in the future , it wo n’t be like before 
Happy New Year ’s Day [ emoticon ] 
Happy New Year ’s Day 
Happy New Year 
You get up so early ? 
Yes right , so have you 
I have no other choice … ! 
Actually I got up at 3:30 
Well , waiting for your love ? 
LOL 
NO … making the application 
Did you have fun last night ? 
Wow , so hardworking 
Alas … I am not working ! It ’s just because I am not hardworking ! 
Good , it was just a dinner outside and then some walking 
Who should I repent to ! I am not hardworking , I should work harder 
Have n’t you prepared your materials ? 
Why are you still busy with the application ? 
By the way , I ’d like to know , does your company pay for your further studies or are you on your own ? 
On my own 
How could the company possibly pay ? 
Yes , you are right , but many materials need to be revised to adapt to different schools 
I am also revising the PS 
I am less hardworking than you 
Look 
I have n’t submitted application for even one school yet 
Besides , many application materials to be prepared . No , you are the object of crazy admiration and secret envy from me and Yang Shijie .
What do I have that you can admire and envy ? 
I ’ll just tell you one thing , you see why I ask you whether the company pays for your studies abroad or are you on your own ? You can already pay for your own studies abroad , but neither I nor Yang Shijie can ! 
Nope , I still need support from my family 
And my mom also asked … But please understand , all parents ask about this 
My money is far from enough 
Then I said , I do n’t know , I certainly would not ask you about this . But I think that maybe good companies will fund employees on further studies abroad , many foreign law firms do this 
No no 
I just feel that if I do n’t apply for the graduate degree now , I will not have the energy and time any more 
Our company is so stingy 
How could they do that ? 
So you see , I have nothing for you to admire and envy 
Many parents tell their sons and daughters : After you graduate , come back to your hometown . We will use our relations to find you a job and buy you a house . You will live at ease and our hearts will be at peace . But are n’t all of us born to see this world ? If we all become sheep in the Little Sheep Hot Pot , or chickens in the KFC , and our being born serves the only purpose of the eventual death , I would rather not have been born at all , Love is understanding , not confinement . Living is seeing , not just breathing . – Mo Yan 
I ’m sorry , I was looking for this Weibo message just now , it took me a long time 
LOL , I also want to be at ease , a man would put me at ease 
So do you have a man or not ? 
No 
I did not have a man 
So I left with hatred in my heart 
If you know , (( do tell us if you know someone )) 
But I do n’t know anyone at all , what can I do ? 
OK ! Find a good man , and apply for a good school . Today is the deadline of application for one of my target schools , but I have n’t started application yet , I have n’t even opened an account , if I want the funding , I must finish the submission today , this would be my greatest success [ emoticon ] 
OK , get moving 
Mike and I are very happy . I feel that I really suck and do not deserve him , but I have no choice but work harder 
Let ’s get moving together 
LOL , you surely deserve him 
(( Yes , I do )) 
Add me to you contact : Xin Dong Fang Li Lu Ye . I am not showing off , it does n’t matter whether you follow me or not in the future , I have just forwarded you a New Year ’s wish , you must read it 
I felt much better after reading it 
What does it say ? 
Read it before you work ! It ’ll take only two minutes 
What is “ not following you in the future ” ? 
New Year ’s wishes 
Yes , this picture is =very beautiful 
Thank you 
How thin are you now ? 
49 kg 
… .
I have always encouraged myself with my successful weight loss experience , and I tell myself , I will have everything , just like how I have successfully become slim from a fat girl , how many years have I been fat 
See , how much do I adore you , I have never been slim 
… !!! 
Mike keeps tell me “ you are so beautiful ” . In the beginning , I was proud of course , you and I are very intimate 
Because I used to tell him that you were very beautiful 
Say it again , say it again and I will use make - up on you , and make you as beautiful as Sophia ! 
Of course … I am not saying you are using makeup , you were born a beauty 
LOL , he is very handsome , too , just handsome enough to match you 
Right . See how good Sophia says ! She exhibits her super-high EQ and great excellence 
Can I write him into my PS ? 
LOL 
Write if you want , but what do you want to write about ? 
He is my boyfriend [ emoticon ] 
No , you got me wrong 
I mean “ it ” 
Yes ! 
Of course 
WOW , you see , you are jealous immediately 
LOL 
Oh , no , did n’t I say that you can write about him ? 
OK OK , then I ’ll continue writing 
Besides , you mistyped ! OK 
When do you have time and can give me some comments ? 
Tomorrow ? 
Shall I read the New Year ’s Wish first ? 
What comments ? 
I ’ll send you my revised version , and you can provide some comments 
Are you talking about that picture ? 
That series of lovely picture 
The one about Li Kaifu ? 
Right 
Well , OK 
LOL , that is so =lovely 
( Do n’t tell me you have seen it already ) 
Yeah , great 
Just as =lovely as you 
You are so good lately ! Everybody loves you , you will be successful with everything in 2013 [ emoticon ] 
Good , successful with everything in the battle field of love 
Dear , are you free now ? 
Help me to have a look if you are free .
There are some sentences in it that I do n’t really know how to write .
I do n’t have time now , wait a minute 
OK , I ’m good 
Help me out when you have time 
Are you home by yourself ? Not even going out on the New Year ’s Day ? 
Right , home by myself 
I need to revise the materials on the New Year ’s Day 
Will you be busy with the application tomorrow ? 
What do you eat then ? 
Busy , because I am going to work for eight consecutive days after the New Year ’s Day 
I ’m afraid I wo n’t have time then 
I buy something from Quanjia downstairs 
WOW , you are really very hard working . How about this , I am applying tomorrow , let ’s do it together 
Or cook some noodles 
OK , let ’s do it together 
By the way , where did you see the university ranking in Britain ? 
FT 
Why is this authoritative ? 
What ? This is an overseas study agency , right ? 
There is another place 
I do n’t know where it is now 
Is it the ranking from the Times ? 
Well , how did you know this number ? 
The catalogues of some universities quote this ranking 
Yes , OK , thank you 
Look at this 
This is better 
Well , I know this 
And by the way , when you are applying , make sure you consider one thing 
Location 
This is very important for finding a job 
Of course except for Europe 
Right !!!!!!! 
The University of Strathclyde 
How many reference letters does your program require usually ? 
Two academic references 
What will you do then ? 
Some schools say two academic references are compulsory for students graduating after January 2009 
So I need to find a teacher to sign another letter 
I ’ve already contacted a teacher 
That ’s good , mine is really troublesome 
Besides , employer ’s reference letter is needed as supplement 
Do n’t you have three reference letters ? 
Yes , but it was quite painstaking contacting people for references 
I am going to apply for three schools today 
I got up at 6:00 am , tell me if you got up earlier 
What a shame , I have just got up 
Well , it ’s OK , I am just cheering myself up 
I sleep at 11 pm at latest 
What are you going to do with the transcript ? 
Transcript ? 
I have already got it 
Do you need to mail it ? 
Yes 
I am most annoyed about this , I am mailing it today 
Actually there is no need to , I am mailing it together with the reference letters 
But I am still revising my PS 
I hope to apply online for all schools 
Right 
Many schools of mine only accept online application 
I do n’t want to mail anything , it is so annoying , and I need to use urgent mail for everything 
Do the schools you apply for require you to mail reference letters ? 
Or the teacher can submit them online ? 
No , American schools all accept online application , you need to write down teacher ’s name , title and email , and then the system sends a notice , asking the teacher to send it via mail or link 
You ca n’t see it by yourself , and you need to waive access to the reference letter written by the teacher 
Via link means the teacher uploads the reference letter , right ? 
Right 
It ’s the same with British schools 
Then why are you mailing the reference letters ? 
But you can also choose to mail them 
Really ? 
I think mailing is very troublesome 
What ’s this ? 
The registration form says it will send emails to the teacher , but you can also choose to mail them 
Then I am confused . But ca n’t students see the mailed reference letters ? Of course it is good if the student can see the letters , but does n’t this create a difference between two methods ? 
So they ask the teacher to sign on the envelop sealing 
After the teacher seals the envelop 
He / she signs on the sealing 
And then gives it to the student , who then mails it 
Oh , sign 
So much trouble 
Alas … … I feel that the schools I am applying for are all meaningless 
I do n’t have enough ability 
Not good enough 
For good universities 
Why , you are so great ? 
Why ca n’t you go to good universities ? 
I have disadvantages , defects that can not be ignored 
What are you disadvantages ? 
Do you have any ? 
GRE 
My GRE score is very low , many schools say , it ’s OK we also consider students with low GRE scores , but I know GRE is very important 
Oh , that ’s true , it looks like applying for PHD courses has a very high requirement on GRE scores 
Forget it , thinking too much wo n’t help 
Right , just try 
All tries are in vain 
Why not think this way , if you do not get enrolled , the worst thing is coming to Shanghai and live side by side with Huang Qian 
LOL 
Are you still there ? 
Alas , I have made great efforts to become a bit happier 
How do you usually capture the screen ? 
Sorry I was just out 
It ’s OK 
You can capture the screen with QQ 
You can not use the mouse wheel 
The part that is displayed after you scroll the wheel can not be captured 
Or maybe I simply do n’t know how to capture the screen … … 
Which OS is installed on your computer ? 
Mine is installed with Windows 7 
It has a special screenshot software 
Mine is also Windows 7 
Where is it ? 
But it seems I can only capture the current screen , too 
You can capture different parts separately , and the paste them all into a word document 
Right 
Oh . OK 
When did you get up ? 
Dear 
Are you there ? 
If you have time , spare ten minutes and go through the content for me 
If you do n’t have much time , do n’t help me revise the language 
Just see if the content is better than before 
Bravo ! 
When are you planning to sleep tonight ? 
I am sleeping soon 
I need to go to work tomorrow … 
Oh . I feel that the time spent with you working hard on the application was quite happy , thank you 
Right right 
Hurry , go to sleep then . I need to work hard on the application and my job 
Right right , let ’s cheer up together !!! 
Happy New Year 
Happy New Year !!! 
I 'm sorry . I just saw it . I do n't know if you are still there .
Heh heh , I 'm here 
Do you have to be busy with work during the holidays ? 
No ... I 'm secretly busy with applications 
It just passed 12 o'clock there 
Welcome to 2013 
Hee hee . Good morning 
Good evening ! 
I 'm good . I 'm good . I 'll be better after 10 more days~ 
Really ? 
My goodness ! 
Are you coming back China in 10 days ? 
Right , right 
Have you booked the flights ? 
I booked them two months ago 
Ah ? Really ? I thought you had n't decided yet 
How could Aunt Xiaohong let you come back to China ? 
At the time , I promised my boss to stay for =another year , and even the applications for visa and work permit were submitted 
Then suddenly one day , I suddenly realized the truth and plucked up my courage to say , " I do what I want to do " 
It 's just that simple , heh heh 
What big events will you be busy with during the holidays ? 
How did you know ? 
... I just calculated a little with my fingers 
Heh heh . It 's right 
What are you doing ? 
I 'm in a daze 
Heh heh , it 's right . Your answers now are really creative 
I 'm starting to work .... The celebration of Chinese New Year is over 
[ emoticon ] Right . How are you ? 
Oh . Are you talking about me or you ? 
Me 
Oh . Mmm , what are you doing ? 
I 'm checking my emails and getting ready for experiments 
Good night , I 'm going to do some stuff 
Okay . Work hard 
When are you going back today~ 
??? 
Have n’t your other half gone to look for you ? 
It ’s this year … 
I am leaving today~ 
The Chinese New Year ’s Eve , what ’s up ? 
Faint , so quick 
Fuck … so late 
Right 
Does n’t everyone who works in a company start vacation at this time ? 
Then Rui should get home first , followed by me and Monkey , then 
Right , you can enjoy yourselves first 
Is Ah Niu taking the exam ? 
On which date ? This =year ? 
Right , ~the first weekend … seems to be a couple of days away 
Oh , that is around the fifth then 
You can have fun at home , Zhang Heng will arrive home at nearly New Year ’s Eve , I guess we two will arrive home at the same time 
Yes , right~ 
I feel so , too … working is hard 
Working for others is the same for everyone 
It ’s OK~Just live with it~ 
Right , when will you start your vacation ? 
I ’ll be home at around the 20th 
=Do n’t you be too envious 
[ I am not envious at all | Envious about your sister ] ! You are still a kid and your Elder Brother I am already a grown - up . I am no longer that na ?ve and do n’t envy those who have holidays any more 
Unless the boss allows me to take the holiday and still pays me the usual salary , LOL 
Will you be paid as usually on the New Year ’s Day ? 
Nope 
It ’s a legal holiday 
That ’s cool~it ’s such a long holiday 
Right , but four days have lapsed without notice , alas 
Have you finished your =exam ? 
Still early … Just taken one course 
There are three courses awaiting 
Then your school starts the vacation pretty late 
My classmates have almost all started their vacations 
Fuck … that is too early 
I will be home at around the 20th 
Right , I also feel they are very early , but vacations for graduates are always this early , LOL 
Right , that is very early , though , the 20th is still a long time from the Chinese New Year 
That ’s right~it ’s already good enough . ~I have n’t entered the library yet . So I can enjoy my holiday normally 
Right . You will soon start to miss these good days 
Do n’t you curse me like this 
I am telling the truth , LOL 
Is the teacher for the whole winter vacation ? 0.0 
Can it be discussed ? Do you want it ? 
A little bit [ picture ] 
Think about it carefully . The price can be easily negotiated .
I ’ll be available after the Spring Festival [ picture ] 
Ca n’t you make it before that ? 
No. 0.0 I ’ll go to US on the 24th .
And come back home on the 16th .
Ah , or can you contact the other ’s parents 
Alright~ Please give me the phone number~ I ’ll consult by phone tomorrow~ 
Teacher~ Do I =teach English ? 
teach 
Of course , first year of junior middle school , boy .
Do I teach spoken or examination - oriented English ? 
You have to =communicate with the other side about that .
I 'm going to contact the society , ha ha , so that my mom wo n't criticize me all day long anymore [ picture ] 
I have n't got in touch with the other side for the moment . I will leave you a message when I receive their call .
OK [ picture ] 
Thank you , teacher 
You just tell them you are introduced by Teacher Zhu .
Say you major in English .
Got it .
Thank you , teacher~ Hee hee 
Ask for a high price .
What is the general price ? 
I have no idea . You can ask your classmates , and double the price . If it is low , then do n't go there .
OK [ picture ] 
Xiaoxiao , Happy New Year ! Are you back ? 
Just got back , goodness , I 'm exhausted 
Just back from DC ? 
Right 
I drove back at 9 o'clock 
What have you been doing these two days ? 
Reading books , watching movies . What about you ? Have a good time with your family ? 
Goodness 
I 've been a tourguide 
Going round the sights of Washington in the middle of winter 
Haha 
Then I really felt like I could n't take it 
Is it fun shopping in the middle of winter ? I 'm going there on vacation on January 7 
So I escaped back here at night 
Poor kid , you have a good rest 
Xiaoxiao , I went to baltimore today . It 's not bad ! 
Did you eat crab ? 
Was it good ? 
There was n't any crab . The shrimp we had was very good 
Not bad 
Mm . I =went on the megabus , it was only one dollar 
Ha ha ha ha , you are online 
Ah ? When did you send this ? 
I just got online 
Why did it show I was online ? 
I was n't at home all day 
Oh , it 's okay . 4 hours ago 
Happy New Year 
Tell me your address 
Hi 
What ’s up ? 
What procedures do you have to go through for going abroad ? 
I do n’t know 
Did n’t you go abroad ? 
You swore at me , and I do n’t want to cross paths with you 
? 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
When ? 
Why did your attitude suddenly change ? 
I ’m busy now . I ’ll reply to you later 
Do you know a good way to download the whole 23 episodes of “ Open Class about Happiness ” of Harvard University ? 
Name list for the VIP reception when your class goes on vacation : Li Minmin , Zeng Yumeng , Xiao Ankang , Xiao Changsen 
What 's this ? 
What 's it for ? 
A little more virtue for the end of the year 
Yea , I thought it was that other thing .
Oh yea , what was the thing you mentioned about the first office ? 
What do we have to do ? 
Just let your class know 
So those who want to can participate 
How do I notify them ? 
Yea . Participate in the competition , right ? 
Share the notice with your class group 
Competition award , and competition location . How do I do contact person ? 
Yea , rich 
It 's all in the notice 
Just send to their inboxes 
OK , sure 
Just two things ? 
Just two forms 
Two documents 
OK 
Look , is this OK ? 
Can you see the image ? 
Yea 
I can 
This way you just have to mention it 
Jiji , do you know on what day vacation starts and people can leave ? 
I do n't know , I think it 's the 20th 
Wow 
I 'm finished with exams on the 16th 
Oh , are you sure you 're done with exams on the 16h ? 
Yes 
From the 14th to the 16th 
Oh , the sophomores say they get off around the 18th . They say we are one or two days later than they are 
Mama mia 
Some say they are clearing out the school on the 18th 
Hello , [ Blue Sky | Lan Tian ] . Are you over there ? 
Yes , I am 
I ’d like to ask if we go to see a doctor , will there be any requirements in respect of reimbursement by our company ? 
No , there are n’t any . Well , did you punch your card in the end this morning ? 
Yes , I punched my card . I came earlier this morning and punched it right after registering in the hospital 
Well , that was better and you can strive for the 300 - yuan full - presence reward ~ You ’d better take a look at the attendance rules in which sick leaves , personal leaves , annual leaves and so on are explained 
Hum , good , thank you , [ Blue Sky | Lan Tian ] . I ’m actually a little worried . The physical examination I took a while back discovered I had cervical polyp , some doctors said there was no need to do anything , but later the other said it should be removed . I went to Ruijin Hospital today to see a doctor , and she said it had grown larger and advised that I am hospitalized for an operation . Whoops ! 
I ’ve spent all the money in my Medicare Card , so I came to ask about reimbursements 
But no problem , I 'll go take a look at the Medicare website . It seems there are also explanations . Thank you dear [ emoticon ] 
Yeah , for I always suffered inflammation here and there in my throat and nose , there could be some chronic inflammation which I did n’t pay attention to .
Let me ask Liu Jia then . Because I found online that Shanghai 's Medicare Card can reimburse 70 % of hospitalizations , I have no idea if it should be reimbursed on the street . I ’ll forget about it if it ca n’t be .
I just came here to work and feel embarrassed to trouble those teachers . I ’ll be even more embarrassed if I go to visit them at home . I ’d keep a low profile then .
You may ask about it in Social Security Bureau and Medicare Bureau 
Okay [ emoticon ] 
Are you there ? 
It 's 10 below zero in Jinan . Ugh . Is it 20 above in Zhuhai ? 
It 's not that hot today 
It was probably 15 degrees at noon 
It 's also cold this winter 
[ Despise | BS ] you 
I had a dilemma for a long time and decided not to go home for Chinese New Year . I decided to bring the child back for Chinese New Year , and let him see the snow 
It 's not really easy to spend the winter in the South either . The feeling of wet coldness is even worse than in the North , and it 's colder indoors than outdoors . It 's bleak and cold . Sometime it 's still down to four or five degrees . There is no heating and the quilts are damp . It 's not as comfortable as the North .
It would okay if it gets over 10 degrees . What a comfortable temperature 
It 's okay now . It 's enough for me to wear a sweater plus a thick coat 
[ Gosh | Fall over ] ! I wear that much also ... 
Your skin is thick 
[ Great | Ox ] 
I am so busy in the afternoon as to =die 
I will call you after work 
Go and be busy with your work , kiddo 
Hi 
I am bored 
=What can I do ? 
Is there any examination ? 
Certified Tax Agents ? 
Ah 
=Probably it is not the time yet 
I want to find something to do 
I am at =too much leisure 
It seems so 
Then what to do 
Is there any civil service exam ? 
Is there any useful exam ? 
Definitely 
Provincial exams will begin soon 
How about Shenzhen ? 
When 
Haha 
Life is dull without a direction 
Yes 
You will have motivation only when you have goals 
How come you are so free today 
By the way 
I am planning to go back again on the 16th . I applied for one day ’s leave and I want to have one more day in Chengdu 
Haha 
Good~ Then do n’t reserve the ticket in the evening , the afternoon will be just fine 
There are only two flights traveling back to Wuhan from Chengdu 
The noon and the evening flights 
So I want to be back in the noon the next day 
I will get one with the almost the same time as yours 
OK~ You will be tired when you work the next day if you travel too late 
Yes 
I will have a rest in the afternoon if I get back in the noon the next day 
Anyhow , there is =not much work to do after the New Year 
Good~ Pay close attention to the airplane tickets 
[ Terrible | Cheat your papa ] 
Em 
I should reserve the room first tomorrow 
Only seven days 
Em~ =Good 
(( Then I will reserve one tomorrow )) 
177 for one night of the seven days 
=Good ! 
You pay the money first~ Hehe~ I will transfer to you after you have spent all your money [ emoticon ] 
Em 
You pay me in one - off after I have paid all 
Haha 
=Good~ 
The only thing left is the airplane tickets 
Em 
How to handle the airplane tickets ? 
Just reserve tomorrow or the day after tomorrow 
I do n’t want to wait 
OK~ I did n’t see any price drop 
True 
Maybe the price will not drop much 
What a tragedy 
Yes 
We should take time off and travel somewhere if we go there again this year 
Good~ Then I should save some money 
Ah 
Darling 
How frugal are you now ? 
Woman~ I want to buy a handbag for the travel 
Any recommendation ? 
Not frugal 
I want to have some money saved so I can feel a sense of safety 
True 
I want to buy one too 
I do n’t have a handbag either 
We may buy his - and - hers 
Hehe 
You have a look 
I will not have Internet access 
Have a look in a few days 
OK 
I will get my salary in the next week 
Then save all your salary of the next month here 
I have to pay the house rent 
You really have very big expenses 
Yes 
So life is difficult for me 
And the house rent has risen 
How much has it risen to ? 
I even want to buy an overcoat to wear for the travel 
1300 
Huh 
Yes 
Buy it 
I have a new coat 
Then I wo n’t buy it 
Haha 
I was considering moving to Lingling ’s house 
Now it ’s impossible 
Wow~ What is your new coat ? 
Overcoat 
Padded jacket 
Wow~ You bought so many 
Hahahaha 
My sister bought the padded jacket for me 
The overcoat was bought by my aunt 
I bought none 
You are such a happy =girl 
Hehe 
I will just bring some inner layer clothing for the trip 
Will two coats be enough 
You will get tired if you bring too many 
I do n’t have new ones~ I ’ll buy one~ Haha 
I =plan to bring two overcoats and one padded jacket~ Because I will go back home 
Stay longer than you 
Yeah 
Let us talk about that then 
Are you leaving your office ? 
Soon 
Another 15 minutes 
Disgusting~ 
Early than me 
La la la 
It must be so 
Come early and leave early 
Shoot 
I am leaving 
Darling 
I have n’t started working [ emoticon ] 
Already working 
It is just that I have n’t log onto QQ yet 
I wandered around 
I have nothing to do 
So =sleepy 
So you are bored when you (( do n’t settle bills )) 
Boo hoo 
Little girl 
=My grades are not good 
Boo hoo 
It seems that scores are low for everyone this year 
Huh 
I heard that there are not many people passing the line 
I saw a 160 in the morning 
How should we feel then 
Do n’t worry too much 
Not very high for all 
What is your score ? 
[=as =fate determines | Up to the heaven , up to the fate ] 
I am below 100 for the first time in my history of examination 
That ’s not bad already 
[ So bad | ghostly ] 
My colleague got 107 without any preparation 
Over 90 will be considered OK this year 
I was falling asleep during the Administrative Aptitude Test 
You ca n’t be serious 
Funny 
You still have the provincial test 
After all , that place is secluded 
Yes 
When will the ranking come out 
I will start studying to prepare for the provincial test 
I do n’t know that 
They were publicized at the same time in the past 
No 
It seems that the list of interview was =postponed 
Ah~ How come 
Woman~ Check when the Medium Level test will be held 
Ah~ How come 
Woman~ Check when the Medium Level test will be held 
The registration time is March or April 
The examination will be held on October 26 and 27 
This year ’s 
Can we register for it ? 
Seems not 
Ah ! Not yet 
[ Oh my God | Faint ] [ emoticon ] 
It seems four years of working experience is compulsory 
We have three years 
Then still not enough 
[ Huh | This ] ~ 
Really annoying 
You can find an agency and have a try 
It should not work in Shenzhen 
I have had my Accounting Certificate transferred 
Is this strictly prohibited in Shenzhen ? 
Yeah 
Then you ask them 
Maybe three years will do 
OK 
Let ’s register if possible 
Darling~ We have (( been together for three years )) 
We are old 
Yeah 
Jokes popular on the Internet are all about [ those who were born in the 1990s | the post-90s ] 
Aah 
Really 
I heard a joke the other day 
It was like a male student was roaring at the school gate “ You go , you go , you just go to see =that old man born in ’ 92 ” 
That person was astounded when he heard it 
My work is coming 
Mine too 
The room in Chengdu is also reserved 
Wow oh 
Hahahaha 
Oh yeah 
How about the plane tickets ? 
Let ’s do that in two days 
I have something to see to these two days 
I ca n’t carefully research the plane tickets 
OK~ Good 
What are you busy with ? 
My eyes are suffering after today ’s examination 
Help the supervisors with their online examination 
Aah 
What ’s the test about ? 
A boring examination 
Such as mass work 
I was fed up with the exam 
Woman~ 
I ca n’t sleep 
Hey , I did n’t nap this noon either 
So sleepy 
Woman~ 
What ’s the matter again ? 
I have something for you 
Say it 
But I think it may be troublesome 
You say it 
I ’ll go to the human resource market and get my [ residence certificate | Hukou ] in a nearby police station 
Your [ residence certificate | Hukou ] ? 
You do that in Wuhan ? 
Yep 
Darling 
Why do n’t we talk about this by phone in the evening ? 
I do n’t =really know =how to do with it 
How 
Let me think about it 
OK 
I do n’t know whether I should do that . I think it will bring you too much trouble 
Why do you need your [ residence certificate | Hukou ] ? 
For the monthly subsidy of 200 yuan 
You will get a subsidy ? 
It is provided by the government 
So nice 
Then do it 
So I need many supporting =materials 
OK 
Why should it be provided ? 
200 yuan as rent subsidy for each month 
I see 
That ’s cool 
Then you treat me with Chuanchuanxiang when we are in Chongqing 
Hahahaha 
Shenzhen Talent Introduction Plan 
Then you should tell me clearly the process 
I am not very busy recently 
I can do it for you 
Hehe~ Just the photocopy of the family register book 
I will research about it in the evening after getting home 
Good 
Tell me when you have figured it out 
Woman~ You are [ awesome | giving power ] 
I must be [ awesome | giving power ] so that you can get your 200 yuan every month 
Haha~ In fact I am a bit hesitating~ I have to provide the property taxes of the rented house~ And many materials 
Let me think 
Woman~ Love you so much [ emoticon ] 
It ’s up to you 
True 
I want to eat Chuanchuanxiang 
=No problem 
Lalala 
Lalala 
Haha 
Too complicated~ It needs Certificate of No Marriage and No Procreation 
That ’s terrible 
I still 
This is a bit ruthless 
Yep 
Too much trouble 
So I am hesitating again 
You just hesitate for some time 
Little girl , what did you think about life yesterday ? 
I could n’t fall in sleep 
Insomnia 
OK 
I just woke up 
Boo hoo 
Why are you suffering from insomnia at such a young age ? 
Alas 
Feeling disappointed in love 
OK 
Darling 
Have a good sleep today 
OK~ I will go to bed immediately after arriving home 
Yep 
Are you busy working =today ? 
Not so bad 
I have no mood working 
Your feeling of disappointment in love somehow came in a sudden 
Boo hoo 
Lingling did n’t respond me 
=What ’s the matter ? 
Last night ? 
So you could n’t sleep ? 
Yes 
So it is 
I was wondering =how you could n’t sleep 
He did n’t answer your phone call ? 
Or did n’t reply your text ? 
He wo n’t care me anymore ! He was angry with me 
How did you irritate him again ? 
Alas 
Then =what can you do ? 
I do n’t know 
Alas 
=Forget about it 
If he wo n’t care about you , you stop playing with him too 
Forget about it 
Little girl 
=Poor 
I want to go back home sleeping 
Can you leave ? 
I have to ask for leave 
Do you have to punch out ? 
But it is the end of the day soon 
You still have one hour , right ?? 
I still get 30 minutes 
It ’s very soon then 
Then will you stay or ask for leave ? 
I will stay ~ hoho 
=OK =OK 
Stay for a while and go back home to have a good sleep 
OK ! 
Call for some take - out 
Wow 
You have take - out 
Yep 
Do n’t you have that ? 
Run so fast 
Woman~ The plane ticket price has risen 
Then should I reserve or not ? 
There is a special offer to Wuhan 
Boo hoo 
Aah 
I did n’t see that 
Why is your avatar dark ? 
Now bright 
I went to my colleague ’s office to chat 
Then I will reserve your plane ticket in a while and let it be 
Darling 
Will you be back in the noon or in the afternoon ? 
[ I do n’t know | hen ] 
Either is OK 
Then make it in the noon 
So we do n’t have to wander around with our luggage after checking out 
Good 
You =calculate and tell me how much money we need 
Woman , I wo n’t apply for the subsidy 
Too much trouble 
OK , I will reserve the =seat 
I am done with your reservation 
It is a flight at 11 in the morning 
Arriving at 1:30 
I will send the SMS to you 
Darling , I do n’t want to reply the SMS 
Just chat on QQ 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
You chat on q~ I will text you 
Why 
I can type fast on the computer 
I am using Fetion 
So it is 
Yep 
Oh , no , Haoran , I have n't found any photos of him alone . I 'll give you one of Mengxia instead , OK ? 
Haha , thank you 
I did n't get up till 10 this morning ... 
Last night the party wore me out a bit ... 
Xiang Xiang , have you started the project ? 
I have already started it , Qiuguang 
What have you done and how to operate ? 
It ’s difficult to explain in a couple of sentences . I ’ll tell you when we meet in person 
=OK 
Are you coming to Jinan lately ? 
[ emoticon ] Do your work . I will be busy now 
I ’ll arrange my schedule to see if I can make it lately 
When will you be available in the near future ? 
It depends on your time ; any day except the weekend will do 
Do n’t you rest on the weekend ? 
I need to take care of my kid on the weekend 
Oh , I totally forgot this 
OK , I ’ll make the arrangement 
Are you busy ? 
No 
Are you busy in the noon ? 
No 
Are you free at half past 12 ? 
What ’s up ? 
Why is it still like this after update ? 
Like what ? 
Have you updated to 6.0 . 1 ? 
I do n’t get it 
Yes 
Does n’t it work ? 
As for the software , you need to a register an account to update it .
How to I update then ? 
Are the software downloaded by those who sell you mobile phones ? 
You have n’t downloaded any software , right ? 
Yes 
How should I download , then ? 
See ? I told you not to charge me and I can teach you , how good would that be ? 
Teach me 
I can not explain clearly here 
Hoho 
Oh 
I ’ll register one when I go to you place next time 
We ’ll talk about this when you come , then 
Right 
OK 
Why are Internet surfing and video watching also not OK ? 
What ’s the matter ? 
? What does it display ? 
Ca n’t be 
How is it like this ? 
Oh it really sucks 
It does n’t display anything 
How could you not be able to connect to the Internet if nothing is displayed ? 
Try rebooting 
I have turned it off , is it correct ? 
Have you upgraded your system to version 6.0 . 1 ? 
How come that it is like this ? 
Have you upgraded your system to version 6.0 . 1 ? 
Yes 
It will reboot automatically after upgrade 
It should be OK after reboot 
No , it did n’t reboot 
Are you making a call ? 
You are busy when I called you 
Yes 
Faint 
Then how could you send QQ message then ? 
Awesome 
I am not making a call now 
Accept my video request 
How could it be like this ? 
You are also in a call when I called you 
It drops as soon as I pick it up 
Where are you now ? 
I 'm in Shanghai . Where are you ? 
I 'm in Jinan .
We are far away to from each other .
Looking at your avatar , you seem much thinner than before .
[ image ] The avatar already belongs to the past .
I 've become much plumper after giving birth to my baby .
Yes , I 've not been back to Jinan for a long time . I really want to go , but I do not have enough time .
Yeah , you look quite good when you are slim .
What do you do in Shanghai ? 
It 's pretty normal to gain some weight after giving birth . You can work hard to lose it~~You look beautiful in your avatar with your oval face .
I 'm an editor at some a publishing house .
What do you do now ? 
Wow , you are wonderful ! 
I work at a Volvo 4S store .
In the marketing department .
I 'm doing my best to lose weight recently . Hehe 
Wow , you are actually the one who is terrific 
Volvo is [ a place to earn good money | a rich place ] .
I 'm now quite plump and dare not even to upload my picture . And I do not have the determination to lose weight .
[ emoticon ] Then you can post a picture of you when you were thin , just like me .
O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O Ha ha~ , the problem is that I have no confidence . I 'm afraid I can not go back to the past [ emoticon ] 
Is it cheaper for you guys at Volvo to buy a car ? 
\(^o^) / ~~Ha ha , yes , Volvo costs dearly . Good cars .
Do you have a lot of classmates in Jinan ? 
Currently I get in touch more often only with Zhang Yuling and Liu Xiaoqun .
I had a brief chat with Xiao Bai a few days ago .
Oh , I can not get in touch with most of my classmates . Too few of them are in Shanghai . Sometimes I really want to get together with them , but there is very little chance .
I guess everyone will have changed a lot if I see them at a reunion party .
Yes , it 's been 8 years since we graduated .
Are you so early ? 
I got up at 9 o'clock 
I woke up at 7 o'clock once , but I did n't get up 
I have something good to recommend to you 
By the way , thanks for the baked pork cakes you brought me 
Good , good 
Unfortunately , Tang Wei has n't brought you the almonds yet 
I 'll just be standing and not sitting at home in the future 
It 's kind of expensive . Otherwise , I would get one 
Is n't it 135 ? 
228.00 - 258.00 yuan 
Oh , oh , right 
I do n't know . Li Changle told me 
Who is Li Changle ? 
Brother Official 
At the legal system office . A good kid . Yesterday I had a meal with Tang Wei and him 
Oh , oh , it 's the one who is chasing Sister Taiwan 
Right 
You are so high - end , knowing so many Brother Officials and Sister Beauties 
No. You know superstars 
Oh , you are welcome for the baked pork cakes . I 'm afraid I 'll eat too much and gain weight 
I never eat snacks , fruit at most 
That 's it 
I 'll give them to my idol today 
I 'm afraid of gaining weight too 
Do n't give them to him . Bring them to your company and share with everyone to eat 
Ha ha ha , those in the company just ate the almonds I brought 
So it made you really good 
Are n't you applying today ? 
You 're so busy , Teacher Li 
But I feel quite lonely when I 'm alone . What Tang Wei said yesterday makes me very sad . She said being alone is actually quite good . So I think I 'm too spoiled overseas . So I need to restore my attitude of being peaceful and lonely and devoting myself to studies 
Are you still alone ? 
No. I have no money and I 'm not successful , which I 'm supposed to be busy with . And I need to fight my lax attitude 
My boyfriend , friends , mother - a bunch of people 
... 
I have always been alone .... I have always been 
Do n't have small emotions 
Friends are unlike before . I 'm extremely sad . I 'm so proud and I tell myself to get over it . My boyfriend is far away . This is the road I chose , so I have to take it . My mother does not understand me , and just wants me to succeed and have money , so that she can show off in front of her friends . So I 've always been alone 
No , this is not a small emotion . I 'm never depressed for too long . But if you are willing to listen , this is my real attitude 
In fact , everyone is alone in the end . No matter how your friends are now , is n't it great that someone is listening when you want to talk ? As for whether your relatives understand or not , I think it wo n't affect the family affection and concern and care for each other . It 's very good to be alone , really very good 
It 's not good . It 's just not good at the moment 
Then think of some ways to enrich yourself . It 'll be okay when you get over it by being busy 
Okay 
Busy or not ? 
Say 
Are you going to pick up the bride ? 
Yes 
Then you will go there in the morning 
Is his wedding party in the noon or the afternoon ? 
I will go in the evening 
In the afternoon 
Are you going to stay overnight ? 
Yep 
OK , got it 
You 're going to buy a car ? 
No , I 'm just getting my license , that 's all . It will make things easier in future when I 'm traveling . We do n't need a car here for the moment 
Me too , haha 
How are you learning to drive ? 
I am going to Xiaobo 's place in the spring vacation . He has a car . I can practice and take my test there , too 
That 's not bad 
You can do it inter-state ? 
When is your spring break ? 
Haha , I 'll go too to join in the fun 
I 'm at a loose end now , I ca n't take it any more 
Xiaobo and I are both in Pennsylvania , so it 's straightforward to take the test 
Lucky baby 
We 're in the last week of March 
Are you going back to China in the summer vacation ? 
I have n't decided yet . I 'll look at internship opportunities then decide 
You can come to Pennsylvania for a holiday at the end of March . We 'll both be here then 
OK 
I have to plan in advance , we may have midterms right before and after the period of spring break 
Mm , I hope you do n't have too much on at the time 
What city is he in ? 
He 's in [ image ] 
Park village ? University Park campus 
I 'll go and see him later , haha 
Is the public transport good in Philadelphia ? 
It 's OK , anyway , for our area of operations , walking and buses and the metro can sort it . To go to New York or Boston or similar there 's megabus coaches 
Us too 
Haha 
A bus pass , the vacation is wasted , and we turn into stay - at - homes 
It will be better when the term starts , right ? Can you have a lot of fun there ? 
Oh , dear . Actually there is n't anything . I still think that Philadelphia has a lot of cultural sights , haha 
Philadelphia ... If you like museums , then come 
I 'm going to bed , talk next time I 'm free , good night 
Tomorrow I 'm going to go and sort out the materials for the driver 's license 
Are you there ? 
Yes .
I want to ask you a question . Do you know any Vietnamese students studying here ? 
Or foreign teachers ? 
I am sorry but I do n’t know .
Well .
Have you checked your scores ? 
Checking now .
Not very good . Anyway , I passed the exam .
You are the one with a doctor ’s degree ? 
Which one ? 
I mean one of the two teachers with doctor 's degree who gave lessons .
Ah ? Only two ? Then , I should be one of them .
Oh , you submitted the exam paper ahead of time that day , right ? 
Yeah . Because I still had to take exams for undergraduates . Things coincided .
You are also taking undergraduate exams ? 
Are you also the invigilator ? 
Yes , I am even the one in charge of the exam .
.. Well , you are gorgeous .
I got a C+ [ Emoticon ] .
Hehe .
Oh , it can not be . So I did a little better than you . Hehe .
You got a B+ ? 
Yes .
Then it 's actually between 80 and 85 ? 
I 'm not sure . I think it is just mediocre .
You got all of the first 40 points ? 
I 'm not sure . How could I know that ? 
It feels like that .
My own judgment .
I can not feel it .
Sister , have you received my mail ? 
Um , I received it 
I downloaded it 
en ya 
Are you at work now ? 
Yes 
=Oh , =oh 
Is yours the 2010 version of the document ? 
Yes ... That one seems to be so 
It was sent to me by a schoolmate . I have the 2010 version on my own computer 
Can you open it ? 
Um 
The computer was disconnected 
Do you have the 2010 software ? 
Yes 
Do you need to install it ? 
Um 
Sent it to the =mailbox 
That is really big . Let me have a try , hey ! 
Um um 
Sister , I went to the temple today 
I sat cross-legged with a few Americans 
meditated 
and took deep breaths 
Ha - ha 
My computer has connected 
They are not only Christians , but also Buddhists 
You can =send them over directly 
Um , ah 
Wait a moment 
Your life is really rich 
Mine is monotonous and irritating 
There are many trifling things 
... No , sister . My tutor will come back the day after tomorrow . I just have some leisure time these two days 
I am sick of doing nothing 
but since my tutor has n't come back , I do n't know where to begin with 
There is really not much entertainment here ... And there are only a few people 
I do n't even speak much for a whole day 
Sometimes , I just do n't feel like talking 
Um . Take a good rest 
I have to go to watch the students doing exercises 
OK , sister 
My fellow townsperson , how have you been =recently ? Is everything fine with your little baby ? 
I 'm all fine . You will be very tired when your child is little . It will be much better after one =hundred days 
Yes , will you come to Beijing in the near future ? 
I 'll arrive in Beijing on the 14th 
and go to the U.S. by plane on the morning of the 16th 
How long will you stay in the U.S. ? Are you still coming back to Beijing when you return ? 
One year . I 'll be back in a year 
For advanced training ? 
One year overseas sent by the government 
Where are you staying in Beijing on the 14th ? 
Going out for some studies 
I 'll be staying in my wife 's brother 's home 
Where is it ? See if you have time for us to meet up 
and then I 'll go to the China Scholarship Council to do some business 
I do n't know the specific address , either . I just know that he will come to pick us up , hehe 
I 'll contact you guys if I have time then 
OK , =which city in the U.S. are you going to ? 
Just you alone ? 》 
Philadelphia 
Our family of three 
How nice , you can bring your family members with you ! 
You pay your own money to bring your family members with you 
Hehe 
Hehe , you do n't have to pay for your housing , right ? You only need to spend your own money on transportation and food , hehe .
The government gives me living allowances , including room and board 
The money is n't much , just enough for my own expense . If the whole family is going , we have to supplement it with our own money 
That 's good , I have been to New York , it 's very good . I guess you wo n't want to come back after you have stayed for a year .
When did you go ? And how long did you =stay ? 
Philadelphia is very close to New York 
I went last year and stayed six days 
Let me know if you are going there again this year . Come to my place there for a tour if you have time 
OK , hehe 
Sister , I just came back from the gym . I have n't got the photos yet . Could you please send them one more time whenever you have time ? 
Love you 
Thanks 
Are you there , Ying Xin ? 
Thanks , dear 
Love you . Mwah mwah mwah 
How is the exercise ? 
Ying Xin , I have a question to ask you for help . When I teach the Chongfen class in the future , I will definitely teach with a lot of articles and long sections of texts . I 've also found during my reading that I can still understand some long and difficult sentences although they are difficult to understand . It 's probably because my own ability in English is better than my students . But I ca n't explain the grammar of the long and difficult sentences . You are a student who majored in English . I need to ask for your advice more in the future . I hope you wo n't hate it and avoid me 
Okay . I 'll certainly help as long as I have time 
Oh ... Ack , I have n't gone to exercise . Because the class schedule came out , I need to contact my family for booking round tickets in the early evening 
Class schedule ? 
After New Year's ? 
How come I did n't know 
Who notified you ? 
Mine came out after the New Year . Nobody notified me , because the Chongfen classes have been before and after New Year 's 
Uh-huh 
I just thought of a question , so I 'll ask it first . What is " antecedent " ? I forgot . Is it the " which " , or the noun in the front that the " which " refers to ? 
After you finish downloading , I will delete your photos right away 
Delete them 
I 'm actually really bad at grammar . I had a total of 20 minutes of class for grammar . Do you remembe ? Because I switched my major , my foundation is not solid . I never had the basic courses . I think , ah , I guess " antecedent " is the noun in front of the " which " 
Yeah , I think so too . Because " which " seems to have its own name . Okay . Thanks 
I 'm going to put on facial mask and eye cream 
Thanks , dear 
I deleted the photos 
Thanks a lot 
Let 's communicate when I do n't know something in the future 
Mwah mwah 
Good night 
[ Bye bye | 88 ] 
Hello , teacher . I 'm your candlelight guide student . I have some questions I 'd like to ask you .
Speak 
I have a school friend at (( SCNU )). He is thinking about applying to be a postgrad in translation at Wuhan University . He wants to know the relevant information 
For example the scores needed to be accepted , how many people are accepted each year ... 
Oh , I 'm in the English department , and I 'm not too sure about the situation in Translation 
Oh , OK . Thank you , teacher .
Sorry 
Never mind , never mind . Sorry to disturb you , teacher .
What happened ? Why have n't you called over 
I 'm still chatting with my classmate in Japan 
I 'm chatting through WeChat . I 'm sorry 
Oh , I understand . Take your time talking about the past [ emoticon ] 
No , he is talking about his recent situation and I 'm talking about my plan 
We have n't seen each other for a long time 
I 'm sorry 
[ emoticon ] My classmate is playing guitar for me ... 
I 'm depressed 
I 'm sorry for yesterday . I went right to bed after finishing chatting with my classmate 
No , it 's me who 's sorry 
No , I promised you . What happened was that I fell asleep 
... That 's really not my boyfriend , but a classmate who was close before 
I totally hated you back then . How come you had n't called over ? And I dared not to call there . I was wondering whether I was too needy and lack of love . But I find out later that you were talking to your boyfriend 
It 's just we had n't contacted each other for a long time . He was very excited and had to have me listen to him playing guitar 
No , he really is not my boyfriend ... Hate me 
Oh , oh . Ah ? That 's it . It does n't matter either . It 's also very good to be able to strengthen ties with old friends who have n't been in contact for a long time 
I 'm going to tell you something , I read a piece of news today and have deep feelings about it 
Ugh . I 'm so sorry for letting you wait for so long 
Do you know that Choi Jin - sil committed suicide ? In June , 2008 
That seems a long time ago , but I ca n't think of the person 
I remember this name was reported long ago . I do n't watch Korean dramas . I can only remember the few I watched long ago when I was little 
In 2002 , suicide was the tenth leading cause of death in Korea . Last year , it was the third , and the number of deaths was more than that caused by diabetes , cancer and accidents ... 
I found out when I was listening to the international news this morning . Although I am very run - down now , I want to live ! [ Emoticon ] 
... That data is too terrifying 
... I believe that you will keep living , very strongly and toughly 
I was really very scared back then when I heard it , scared to an indescribable degree 
Koreans probably lack faith more 
Ah ? But if the stars are all dead , how can they make money ? 
The dead ones (( will be replaced )) and another group of people will continue to commit suicide .... Are we talking about the same thing ? 
They will have the next star and the next idol 
They do n't care who dies or who lives 
Oh , are you saying that they use the stars to accumulate wealth but they do n't care if they are dead or alive ? 
What I want to say is the cause for this phenomenon is these kind of terrible machines that accumulate wealth 
Ultimately it is because people have a lack of faith 
They oppress the stars miserably , right ? 
Right ? 
Those who accumulate wealth and those who follow the fashions and commit suicide , are both manifestations of lack of faith 
I do n't know the inside stories , but judging from the phenomenon , I 'm afraid it is because the stars are brutally oppressed 
I know this and I believe they do n't lead an easy life 
Even those who committed suicide do n't even know for whom they are living , so they choose the road to ruin 
I heard Huang Jin said about your good news , congratulations . I am very proud of you 
Hahahahahaha 
Thanks , thanks for your encouragement and support 
I also think so , it came out of blue . And the process is so difficult 
No. How many rounds of interview have you gone through ? 
Hehe , just one round 
I just felt like going to meet and chat about job information 
I did n't expect she had a lot of work at hand 
Congratulations . If you do not experience wind and rain , how can you be a legend 
And she wanted me on the spot 
Hahahaha 
I think you must be very busy , you need to contact with your home , you have a lot of things to handle . I wo n't disturb you then , I just say congratulations to you 
Thanks~~ 
Well , go through the formalities , however my things are not too much , people in HR will handle them 
Who ’s available today ? I am ready for a meal .
Xiao Hu .
Maybe Xiao Cao too .
They are all available .
Well .
Xiao Cao went to look for Xiao Hu for a meeting .
For a meeting ? 
It seems like a discussion about online marketing .
Well , I will need to [ have a meal first | resolve my major life event first ] and I will come to join you later .
That ’s fine~ 
Whose is the alcoholic drink item ? 
Send over the card number 
Liu Jing 's 
Over RMB 10,000 worth , right ? 
Yes 
Did n't you save Liu Jing 's number ? 
I 'll have a look 
The Rural Credit Union one ? 
Is the end of the number 6555 ? 
I do n't remember , I just know the end of the number is pretty good 
If it 's wrong , I 'll hold you responsible 
In that case hang on a moment . I 'll call her and ask 
OK 
I 've discovered something : it 's because you ca n't see that your font is set so big 
Right 
I 'm worried that you wo n't be able to read it clearly 
It 's that number 
Pingping 
Have you heard ? 
Liu Jing is that number 
I had n't heard 
Big Fangfang is coming 
My name is awesome , is n't it ? 
Oh . Then remember to give me the computer . I 'm going to study at the library ! 
Are you going to the library now ? 
Are you crazy ? 
It 's next week .
=How could I go without a computer ? - - 
OK ~ 
Yeah ... 
I 've already cleaned it up ~ 
(( Are you done with splashing ? )) 
but it took you so long to clean up ... 
My notebook has been made so dirty by you ... 
A thorough cleaning ~ 
| | | | 
It looks very dirty 
Will there be bedbugs inside ... ? 
Hey !! Hurry up to receive 
Go away 
What 's the thing ? 
I do n't want a virus 
Sister , You Go Boldly Forward 
Could a virus be this big ? ... 
Use your earphone to listen 
I do n't want it 
I want to listen to Fahai Does n't Understand Love 
| | | | 
What 's that ? 
Why do n't you want it ? 
I played it just now on my keyboard ... 
Play Fahai Does n't Understand Love and then send it over 
I have n't heard it 
Search 
I only know Fahai Does n't Have a Whip 
I do n't want it 
I just like Sister , You Go Boldly Forward 
... 
It 's actually very pleasing to the ear ... 
Do n't you think Sister , You Go Boldly Forward is very pleasing to the ear ? 
Hi , senior fellow student 
Wang Yanfei , the University of Science and Technology , 0719 , undergraduate , is studying there now 
You can contact her if necessary 
A female student 
OK . I 'll contact her . Thanks 
In our department ? 
In the chemistry department 
Oh , I 'll contact her when I go over 
Hmm 
Did you pick all your things up ? 
Yes 
[ smiley ] Accept it again ! 
Haha 
Heehee 
You have n't gone to bed yet , either ? 
I 've just made something to eat 
I 'm in an =excellent mood 
Wow ... 
I 've come back to life 
I am free of love 
And I want life 
Wow , what a glutton , it seems 
[ oh , dear | faint ] ... 
That I am 
Haha , you always were a very frisky 
Haha 
=I 'm not on form 
Ha , if my form could come back now that would be great ! With no love , life will be more whimsical and free !! 
Haha 
That 's hard now 
There 's someone in your heart 
No matter how you try to forget them 
It 's very hard to return to what you once were 
... Mm ! This thing love , it just is hard and a torment . So fall in love easily 
Right 
Do n't join hands lightly 
And do n't release hands lightly 
Haha , that is very right ! 
If you have some free time , let 's have a meal together ~ It 's been a long time since we saw each other ! 
Hmm , OK ~ I was actually thinking of coming over this afternoon to spend some time with you , but in the end I overslept … 
Have you got a lot of classes this semester ? 
Haha , this weather today is really well - suited to sleeping 
Three classes -- and I also have to go and audit another one . So it 's equivalent to four classes 
Yes … 
Are you allowed to audit ? 
When starting their lessons , our teachers only allow those people who chose their classes in … 
Really ? I 'm going to audit one at Wharton 's 
In any case , they 're all big lectures with dozens of people . One more or one less person makes no difference 
Oh ~ That 's not too bad ~ 
Hmm , what about you ? 
Our class just has that =handful of people ... They can tell at a glance ... 
I 'm planning on going to four classes , but I have n't yet thought it through properly . It 's only the first week , and there 's a lot of reading already ... It 's quite tiring ! 
I am currently doing some reading ... 
I ca n't even read any more ... It 's been so long since I did any reading ! 
By the way , when is your boyfriend coming over ? ~ 
Hey , who knows with him ? He has n't had any offer yet at the moment = = 
Is he graduating this year ? 
Never mind , never mind ~ I reckon they have n't yet started recruiting students ~ 
Anyway , just waiting ... 
Hmm ~ There 's no rush ~ If he comes over , he could come over quite soon ~ 
Are you staying around here over the summer vacation ? I 've recently been thinking of how to get an internship over the summer vacation … 
I have n't thought it through properly yet … 
When I discussed it with my boyfriend several days ago , we were giving consideration to going back to China to work upon graduation … 
After all , the prospects in China are good ... 
But we have n't made up our minds yet ... We 're in two minds ... 
Are you going back to China for internship ? I 've noticed the summer vacation lasts for four months ... If I do n't do anything at all , I will definitely [ get rusty | go moldy ] ... 
Hmm , I do want to go back to China for internship 
To do internship here , it looks like it will take up the time of OPT , which I actually want to reserve till after graduation 
Hmm ... that is actually the case … 
I want to do internship first and then see what happens . If it 's not suitable , I will just go back ~ 
Well , what about your boyfriend ? 
He has n't thought it through either 
Moreover , he 's actually graduating at the end of the year ... 
Ah , I see . In that case , he should already be looking for work and whatever by now ? 
No ... He has n't even thought it through ... and he wants to go back home for the summer vacation to have some of his native land 's fine food ... 
He has felt really cooped up in Buffalo ... Haha 
Haha , that 's actually true 
In any case , Philadelphia is actually a city 
It seems that after everyone arrived , none has wanted that much to work here anymore 
Hehe , I guess everyone has realized what the US Empire is actually like ^ 
As a matter of fact , that 's for sure 
I saw a movie a few days ago , called " =Changeling , " starring Angelina Jolie , and after watching it I was left with a feeling of apprehension towards the US imperialists ... 
I know that movie , but I 've not watched it 
How come ? 
I feel that the US =Empire is already a place in decline ... 
It tells a true story about the LA police … 
You can go and read a synopsis of it . Although it 's something that happened almost 100 years ago , watching it really makes you despair ... 
In future , I 'll watch light comedies ~ 
Haha -- " Lost in Thailand ? " 
Yes , I 've heard it is very popular , I ca n't even find it ~ 
I watched a pirate version on Baidu . com media 
Then you have actually seen it . The resources we 've seen have all been deleted ! ~ 
Uh-huh … 
I intended to watch it at the beginning of the month ... it did n't work even if it kept on buffering ... 
I watched it at this link http://www.334dy.com/bdhd/31995.html. Do you want to have a try ? 
It seems I still ca n't watch it , sigh ... 
Forget it ~ I 'll wait a while and then watch it ~~~~ 
Uh-huh , get your reading done first ! [ emoticon ] 
Uh-huh .... Come on ! 
Pretty good , but can we still go back to the old classroom ? 
We can ask the monitor for this , but not all people are available .
In the 1960s and 1970s , people generally still believed that Monk Fahai put Xu Xian in captivity to capture the monsters .
In 1980s and 1990s , people generally believed that Fahai made things difficult for Xu Xian because he himself loved the white snake ; 
However , when the 21st century arrives , almost all the people think that Fahai was fiercely fierce fighting Bai Suzhen because he wanted to get Xu Xian himself .
Anybody here ? 
I am coming .
Take care .
[ Are you alright ? | Just fine ] 
I had =no strength at all yesterday 
Just left after a short walk 
Then I went to Ochirly to buy a coat 
You are enjoying a carefree life 
A screenshot ? 
It ’s like this 
But it ’s white 
The length suits you well 
White makes one majestic 
The look is just good too 
Hehe 
Sasa said my coats lack style 
I invested a huge amount of money yesterday 
and bought one 
Sure , you will be glamorous when you appear next time 
Hehe 
That is not so 
That is to be worn in spring 
It is too cold to wear now 
=Honey 
What happened to you yesterday ? 
[ Emoticon ] Just [ date | talk ] with Xiao Zhu 
??? 
By saying [ date | talk ] 
is it go on [ dating | talking ] 
or just stop [ dating | talking ] 
Ah 
Dear 
What did he say ? 
So sure 
Then let it be 
OK 
What a bummer 
He just did n’t want to ask you to stay 
He said I had been like this not just once or twice 
I was always making troubles , he was annoyed 
What about Teacher Xu ? 
I ca n’t find him . Whatever 
You just let it be with Teacher Xu ? 
That one is not reliable either 
[ Damn it | Ma Ma De ] 
There is no fun at all 
Those Shanghainese are all carefree , just be single . It is not that they ca n’t live 
We do n’t have economic pressure . Do you really expect to find someone , and find protection ? 
We can live on our own no matter what 
It does n’t mean to find a person to accompany me for a short while 
Hang out with us then 
Haha 
Let ’s go matchmaking together 
Just go matchmaking for fun 
Yeah 
Good , go matchmaking together , 
Ready , go 
Sasa added a guy on Jiayuan.com 
Very funny 
I [ laughed my head off | laugh to death ] when hearing about it this morning 
Really ? 
So funny ? 
Really 
From State - owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission 
Does it have anything to do with his employer ? 
Nope 
Just his words 
You ca n’t find a toad with three legs , but there are men with two legs everywhere 
This is what Sasa ’s classmate say about Sasa 
For your reference 
You will surely find a better one 
Those [ weirdoes | precious flower ] and [ extremists | highest grade ] you met may be put behind yourself , dear 
Yeah 
=Damn , what people are we meeting every day ? 
Dear 
So lovely , (( what the hell to talk if only we could get such a state when we were doing our homework in those years )) 
Hahahaha 
Yep 
Is this swimming 
No 
This is climbing 
Are n’t you busy in the afternoon ? 
Very busy , but I do n’t want to do any work 
Then play for a while 
Haha 
Have you had a look at the eyeliner ? 
Did you buy it ? 
What color did you buy ? 
I did n’t buy that 
I wanted to buy one 
For use as eye shadow 
I was attracted by that gold =brown one 
Buy the diamond black one instead , have a try 
Are you free this evening , dear ? 
What ’s the matter ? 
Let ’s have dinner 
Right 
Have dinner with me 
Not this evening 
OK , I will ask Sasa 
Yep 
Your life is good . Group buy one 
Are you going to work overtime ? 
No , I will have dinner with a guy from [ East China Normal University | ECNU ] , will you come ? 
How come you get involved with one from ECNU ? 
Go to get it clear ? 
I told you last time in the cinema . I was in touch with him and my parents liked him very much 
They would not wait to invite him home for dinner if they know about it 
Then you will be always in contact with him ? 
It does n’t count whether your parents like him 
Definitely , it ’s not easy to find one with affection 
And more difficult to find a promising one 
I demand Xiao Zhu to buy a house , and he is suffering from great pressure 
We talked about the real world issues , and we could not get the conversation on after a while 
Yes 
Alas 
Xiao Xu , did you say you found a friend after that ? 
And that made your parents upset 
Yeah , but now they think he is good 
Then how about that woman ? 
Broke up ? 
They said there would be good development (( if at least on a stage )) 
The real world is rather cruel 
They say even if I am going with Xiao Zhu , I would have nothing to recall if I have no affection with him 
Alas . Anyhow , you should not listen to every word of your parents 
Neither reject everything they say 
But the most important thing is that you got to like him yourself 
Otherwise if you make do with it , you have to make do with it for your whole life 
Most people can not bear this 
Actually it is , otherwise I wo n’t hesitate a single bit , and it is getting more and more and more difficult 
Alas 
Do not be discouraged 
It will be better and better and better in the future 
You are so beautiful 
[ You are a good catch | Your conditions are so good ] 
You will surely meet a good guy 
It would be great if you were a man 
Then how do you want to get along with Xiao Xu ? 
I just have no feelings , no feelings with him 
Then call it quits 
Seriously call it quits 
Do n’t waste time and energy on him 
Five thirty ? 
Watching a movie ? 
Nope 
Microblogging 
The intranet have broken down again 
How can you get to know this 
What are you busy with ? 
Darling 
I was in a meeting this morning 
I do n’t want to work 
I do n’t want to work 
Hahahaha 
You do n’t want to work every day 
Yeah , I do n’t want to do data entry , data entry 
Dear 
Calm down 
Hehe , it ’s best if I do n’t have to do anything 
Yeah 
I was taught a lesson again at dinner home 
They brainwashed you again ? 
They did n’t agree and said I should find a wealthy one , an older one 
Then you would rather be single than accepting a guy from ECNU 
(( If not so lucky , you will end up divorcing after marriage )) 
I do n’t mean that I ca n’t stand it . Honestly , I do n’t want them to worry about me and be upset 
My mom has calmed down , but my dad talks about it every day 
Aah . Upset does n’t last long 
If you do n’t lead a happy life after marriage 
They will feel sadder 
They will blame themselves for having interfered too much then 
I want to see the four - hour version 
Me too 
Watch it when it is available on the Internet 
It ’s a bit unrealistic to [ fly | take a flying taxi ] to Hong Kong to see it 
Then we can take the train 
Ah 
It is also expensive to travel by rapid transit railway 
Less economic than taking a discounted flight 
Little girl would like me to see 
I said I could n’t go 
The Last Tycoon is just fine 
Yuan Quan and [ Monica Mok | Mo Xiaoqi ] are so beautiful 
Chow Yun Fat is still worth seeing 
I feel annoyed when seeing Huang Xiaoming 
I watched it at home 
The Last Tycoon is good , but it won only applause not box office 
Yeah . I did n’t go to cinema 
I am going to have lunch , darling 
Chat with you in the afternoon 
Forget about it , I should wait for the four hour version to be available on the Internet 
It ’s not easy to make a trip 
Are you worried about being choked ? 
Yes 
You may not take your kids out 
Ok 
The baby is so cute 
Hehe , it 's as cute as yours 
I like it so much 
Are you working now ? 
Yes 
I did n't think you were handsome before , but why your baby is so cute ? 
And it looks like you 
[ My god | I dizzy ] 
Is it a compliment ? 
Yes , I think you become good looking now when I look at your pictures 
Do you think it is false for me to say so ? 
I will take it as a compliment ... 
I 'm so honest and how can I [ lie to you | flicker you ] 
Well well , I accept it with pleasure 
Are you busy recently ? Who takes care of the kid since your wife has started working 
No busy 
My mother - in - law is taking care of the kid 
Oh , the little kid is fat , your wife has feeded it well 
I think it is thin and has not reached the standard weight 
It 's pretty good , it 's healthy if it does not get sick 
How old is your daughter 
She 's 4 years old 
Wow , you can have a second child 
Ca n't you ? 
I have a sister who slow me down 
It will let go in the future 
Looking forward to it 
Are you listening to songs , lovely kid ? 
How is your lesson preparation ? 
I 've got the textbook today , and will start cranking for the lesson preparation from tomorrow . I 've got an idea 
Fully confident 
I was doing test questions the other day , tired to death 
Cheers cheers , how are you planning to teach the grade enhancement class , dear ? 
What idea ? 
Where did you get the inspiration ? 
Congratulations 
Where did you get the textbook ? 
What are you doing , =frequently away from keyboard ? 
Did someone inform you ? 
In the head office , I have =just printed it out . I submitted the application myself , OK ? I sent an application email to Teacher Liao Xin and carbon copied to Teacher Shi Yu 
And Teacher Ge Xu 
=OMG , so complex 
Teacher Ge Xu told me the idea . I went to Teacher Ge Xu 's class of intensive talking and practicing , then I got the inspiration 
Right , OK , I got it .
What did he say then ? 
He was just teaching his class 
I just went to his class 
By the way , how about you ? Are you going to the class now ? 
Right , I am also worried about lesson preparation . Did you communicate with Teacher Ge Xu ? What suggestion did he give you ? 
What suggestion ? 
About your lesson preparation 
Grade enhancement class 
No .... He is not familiar with the test questions himself .... 
I see what you mean , I just listened to his class and then came to know how I should arrange my time , because 48 hours is too long and I am extremely worried 
Then how are you going to arrange it ? What is your current plan ? 
I really admire you , you can figure it out so clearly by yourself 
But our disadvantage is lack of experience , it 's OK after we have truly taught a class . Besides , I am too nervous by myself 
What are you going to teach in 48 hours then ? Oops , it is such a long time , what 's your plan ? 
No , there are many places that need to be improved , but I 'll do it step by step 
I do n't know yet , I 'll finish my lesson preparation first 
[ emoticon ] Cheers 
Cheers 
Cheers for both of us 
Is your application good ? 
I am taking a bath now . Do n't you stay up too late . I have n't been working on the application , too tired , alas 
Are you asking me how to prepare lessons for the grade enhancement class ... [ emoticon ] 
Right right 
=Kiss 
No No 
=Oh =My 
You are mistaken again 
I am because 
My throat is unwell 
The air is too bad 
I want to take some medication early 
And sleep 
I am so sad [ emoticon ] 
Coughing 
Do n't do n't do n't 
Oh oh , it 's OK , you need to rest early 
You are my blood - related elder sister 
You should also protect your throat 
Dear 
The air is too bad 
I keep coughing 
It 's OK , I am just kidding You need to rest well , so that we can welcome the winter vocation 
All right all right , cheers cheers , alas , the winder holiday is a time of darkness 
Too tired 
OK , good -- 
Good night , =kiss . After you have almost done with your lesson preparation , we can get together and I 'll treat you to something really =delicious 
=Kiss 
You are welcome , really do n't be so polite , you surely need a good rest . You are embarrassing me 
Why have n't you slept yet ? ? 
I heard about the dimission =information of Wa Wa yesterday , I was very shocked 
Dear , I did n't log on Q last night , did it show that I was online through your computer .
The personnel mobility in law office is always high . Oh .
No way 
Was it been stolen . Maybe it was WeChat online .
We had a party before Peng Ye left , it was a pity that you were not there .
Yes , we do n't work together , but there can be opportunities to see him a lot .
Ah 
I also should try to leave early 
What are you talking about . I always think that you are a straightforward girl , but people are all busy when we were in the institute and we did n't have many opportunities to communicate .
Hehe , I do n't log on Q often at ordinary times 
Rao Lili 
Ok .
Dear , I 'm back to work 
Which noon will you have time ? I will treat you and [ the young girl | Shaonv ] in Gaodi Street Restaurant 
How do you come back so soon ? There is no payoff , why do you rush to work ? 
I really miss you very much 
Which noon are you free ? 
Let 's have a meet 
Call [ the young girl | Shaonv ] together 
Why do you ask two of us without Shengzai ? 
I 'm thinking about this question 
Quite tangled 
Oh , =so it is 
Too many people disappear 
so as to avoid to have many things 
Oh 
I 'm just back and want to lay low 
Oh 
This noon I have treated them for meal 
I think you do n't have to treat us , now there is no payoff , your funds are tight 
It does n't matter 
Early in the year I always have =no salary 
There should be no special circumstances 
Do you have time on Wednesday noon ? 
Thanks 
Well , let 's make it on Wednesday temporarily 
Is it the Gaodi Street Restaurant which is on Heping Road ? 
( Eat so good ) 
What are you thanking for ? 
Yes 
Mainly because we have n't met for such a long time , it is time to meet 
About what time can you go there ? 
What time will you go there ? 
Well , I may be a little late , but not too late 
I can arrive at about twelve o'clock 
Ok , that 's fine 
Zhang Peng , are you there ? 
Could you take a look remotely ? 
Now ? 
Engineer Yang , have you found that drug ? 
Cefepime 
Hello 
We chatted once a few days ago 
Hi 
Did he contact you ? 
He said he was busy these days and would contact after this period 
I said we =were all busy in the end of the year 
It does n’t matter 
Li Qiming 
Well 
Work should come first 
Hey hey 
He has been busy recently 
It ’s the end of the year 
Hehe 
Yeah 
He is taking a temporary post in the Provincial Bureau 
Lots of things 
Em . It does n’t matter 
He has to report materials to the national Bureau , and collecting materials from the lower , and writing materials , hehe 
This is all understandable 
Em em 
It ’s good guys are busy 
You understand it , hehe 
He has to work hard for his career 
Hehe 
Hey hey 
[ Cannon | Dapao ] , Jinan also starts to ban vehicles with even and odd - numbered license plates on alternate days 
Really ? 
Start from tomorrow 
This is blind learning 
It 's not because of the traffic jam , it 's because of the pollution 
Wo n't it be inconvenient in the future ? 
Jinan 's new traffic regulations starts to implement , is it =a must to =wear a seat belt ? 
Yes 
It 's a unified national standard 
The passenger seat belt also need to be worn 
It really becomes more and more inconvenient 
Do you =wear the seat belt when you sit in the passenger seat ? 
It 's better to sit in the back in the future 
Yes 
It 's also safer 
Do you =still wear the seat belt when you sit in the passenger seat ? 
I will ask him to wear it if there is someone 
Of course it 's not necessary if there is nobody 
Will you come to Beijing to have fun during your holiday ? I will serve you 
The costs in Beijing are on me 
What holiday ? 
Chinese new year ? 
How can I have time now , since I have a baby , I 'm dragged by it 
Yes 
Sweet burden 
You can hand it to the old for couple of days 
That 's so not good 
They are already toilsome 
Oh 
Now it 's taken care by her parents at night 
Does it still suck the breast ? 
Of course , it still need to suck for more than half a year 
It ca n't leave its mother then 
Yes 
Are you in the company ? 
Yes 
Does Jinan also have one day 's driving restriction per week ? 
Does Beijing restrict just one day per week ? 
Yes 
It did n't mention how many days , but it will start from tomorrow , it 's continuous restriction 
It 's mainly because the pollution in Jinan is too serious 
The fog and haze is thick 
Beijing does n't have a restriction on =Saturday and Sunday 
Oh , Jinan has n't issued more detailed driving restriction measures 
Did they discussed it or fixed it ? 
It 's fixed 
It starts from tomorrow 
Did n't he say how to restrict ? 
Are you kidding me ? 
Cars with odd - numbered license plates can drive on odd - numbered days , cars with even - numbered license plates can drive on even - numbered days 
I do n't quite believe it 
Can the little baby call daddy and mommy ? 
It 's early , it has to be after one year old 
Oh 
We ranked the 5th place at Men ’s Group A and Women ’s Group A , and ranked the 6th place in Men ’s Group B for Handball 2012 Championship . For tennis , we sent 11 players and enrolled at 9 games in 19 events , and achieved with two gold , two silver and two bronze ( Li Zekai / Fang Junhui won championship of Men ’s Double of Group B Team A , Feng Renlong won championship of Men ’s Singles of Group B Team A ; Li Zekai won the 2nd place of Men ’s Singles of Group B Team A , Wei Fangyu won the 2nd place of Women ’s Singles of Group B Team B ; Jin Yuquan won the 3rd place of Men ’s Singles of Group B Team B , Feng Renlong / Jin Yuquan / Jiang Jun’an / Chen Su won the 3rd place of Men ’s Team of Group B Team B ) . Besides , the observation group won two gold , one silver and one bronze 
Teacher Xi , those are the results of 2011 Training Base Championship that Section Chief Zhang asks me to report to you 
You do n’t need to report this 
No statistics is needed for the championship 
Do you need statistics for the tournament ? 
The statistics for the tournament has already been done , has n’t it ? 
Oh , then why did he asked me to report it ? Anyway , I do n’t have anything else , Teacher Xi 
Is it true or not about the vehicle plate number restriction thing ? 
It 's true 
It 's put on Sina 
Yes , I just found it 
Are n't you in Jinan ? 
Is there any fogs in Jinan now ? 
It 's much thinner now , it was very heavy in the morning 
I 'm in Shenyang , prepare to go back 
[ Really | Fall ] , is it very cold ? 
I 'm worried that I ca n't land 
It 's not cold . I just ate an ice cream 
At least the fog wo n't disperse tomorrow 
Hey , how is your application ? 
[ picture ] No news 
The deadline is n't past 
Have a month 
Not even a notice ? 
Rolling now , I just got an AD from Boston College 
And those like OU send out word in March 
OU is pretty good , during winter break Wenlu came here for fun , from talking with her it seems lik OU has a lot of money 
Yea , where did you take her ? 
No , I 'm ashamed to say , because another one of my classmates came to find me , and came before Wenlu , and they were both here at the same time , and did n't know each other , so I spent the first part with my other classmate , then the second part with Wenlu 
Wenlu went to a lot of the sights in Philadelphia like city hall , the Liberty Bell , and independence hall 
She has no problem , a strong , independent woman 
Are you really busy with school now ? 
All of a sudden it 's another semester , so soon 
Yea , a new year 
The last day is gone 
[ expression ] I hope you fulfill your desires , you look good in your picture 
Ha , I 'm alright , I have a lot of classes this semester , and I have to intern on the weekends 
I hope you fulfill your desires too ! 
I 'll come hang out with you later 
I 'll see where you go 
Hehe , I 'll hang out with you if I 'm in the village haha 
OK (*^◎^*) 
You are not busy recently 
You are chatting at work every day 
=Not actually 
I can see you are happy 
Haha 
I went to a meeting in the morning 
No wonder 
Is that cool ? 
[ Really cold | freezing a bird to death ] 
=No air conditioner in the meeting hall 
Dear , I asked 
It does n’t matter 
Hehe~ I got up 
You are so early 
I have =no choice 
Well , I get up at this moment too 
Hehe 
Little girl 
I am impoverished 
Annoyed 
=How come ? 
Aah 
I bought all sorts of things 
What did you buy ? 
You will get money after I receive the goods 
I bought skin care products a few days ago 
Then I bought a coat last week 
That ’s long ago 
Wow 
What coat ? 
No , I bought distillate and so on after that 
So expensive 
Ochirly 
So generous 
So in order to be beautiful 
You must invest a great deal 
Haha 
You have to pay much to be beautiful 
=Surely 
My colleague said my coats lack style 
Did you get a discount ? 
So I spent money to buy one with style 
I got a discount 
50 % off 
Is it an overcoat ? 
Yeah 
But not very thick 
And I~ So expensive even at 50 % off 
[ That is deceiving | Kidding your father ] 
It can be worn in the spring 
The original price is 2990 
Did you buy a handbag ? 
I wanted to buy a handbag for traveling 
Nope 
I also wanted to buy one 
You see 
I am getting more and more =rustic 
So far away from fashion 
I also wanted to get an overcoat 
Get a good - looking one 
One that can be worn for a long time 
I ca n’t afford 
Those that cost hundreds of yuan are not good - looking 
And they still cost money 
I am really reluctant to do so 
Money should be spent [ wisely | on the sword blade ] 
I =do n’t have enough [ money | silver ] 
Do n’t =buy anything blindly in the future 
Buy 
Save your money and buy some good ones 
Argh 
I do n’t know how to choose 
Anyhow overcoats in shoppe are more stylish 
I can just =buy any clothes in them 
Buy 
Little girl , I want money 
What ? 
Worship the God of Wealth 
For money 
Haha 
Come and see 
Ah ah ah 
I just have no money 
You still want me to take a [ plane | flying taxi ] 
I ca n’t afford it 
My colleagues also like =Ochirly 
Oh , very good 
Wow 
Alice in the Cave of Silken Web 
Wow wow 
Many colleagues like it 
Yeah , the overcoats are really fine 
Brother Xiao is very high - end 
Bvlgari ? 
Expensive 
How can I afford it 
Yeah 
Hahaha 
You can afford it 
I got one =already 
You can afford to buy one with your salary 
We people who are sunk in reports every day are extremely vulnerable [ image ] 
I watched Happy Home of Happy Camp yesterday 
There were even people sitting in the first row ! 
The chairs were shaking with the laughter of those people 
What can I say ? 
Can I say the dog in it was cute ? 
Hahahaha 
Scorpio men rank first in per capita consumption , spending 14,206 yuan a year .
Leo men rank the second , 13,929 yuan . Capricorn , 13,893 . Among women , Aquarius women rank the first with a per capita consumption of 15,095 yuan a year followed by Scorpio and Capricorn woman 
Darling , you are in 
I watched 
Pencil No. 7 
I also like watching movies very much 
Haha 
I am wondering again , who is this Pencil No. 7 ? It ’s me 
I regret I have missed the chance to flirt with you since you did n’t know Pencil No. 7 was me 
Hahahahaha 
It was you who lost the chance by yourself 
You will have money after I receive the goods 
Hehe 
But I will =lose half of the money after buying the plane ticket 
I will pay back my colleague 
How much do the plane tickets cost you ? 
Eep 
How can yours be so expensive ? 
=Including the tax and fuel surcharge 
Yeah , always expensive during the new year 
Alas [ emoticon ] 
Tickets of 11 p.m. are just 100 yuan cheaper 
Is mine added too ? 
Added 
(( eww )) 
Oh 
I will start to reserve my ticket for going home 
Yes 
You may reserve it 
[ Money | Silver ] again~ 
Exactly 
I should get a cheap overcoat 
Hey 
After all I have enough clothes for wearing when traveling 
I wo n’t buy 
Is three enough ? 
Sure 
You had enough 
I want to lose weight 
You are so active when I am away for just a moment 
You have been away for a whole morning 
You care about me so much 
[ Image ] I found that I am liked by many women , I can do nothing about it 
Zeng Xiaobei , your emoticon is the ugliest 
Do you want to circle with Zeng Xiaobei ? 
Has this cat watched too much diving competition of the Olympic Games ? 
Wrongly estimated her own capacity 
So it is 
Hahaha , too fat 
So cute 
Like you 
I found that Beibei ’s emoticons are just like herself as a person 
Really 
Haha 
Did you find your own [ identity | shadow ] in the emoticons ? 
Yes 
Zeng Xiaobei did n’t object 
I disdain to care about you 
There is a kind of friends for disliking 
The more you dislike , the more you love 
Have meal 
So sleepy 
Ca n’t have enough sleep 
I just woke up 
Where is Beibei ? 
Outside again 
Outside 
Where has she gone to stroll ? 
I am not sure . She went towards the direction of the Rail Transport [ image ] 
[ Image ] So you know this 
Yeah 
You saw where she went 
I saw that when I went outside to (( pull )) the reports 
Oh 
Time to start work 
I went for a meeting this morning 
Not in the office 
Hehe 
I think I will now have nightmares when I think of the annual report 
You have n’t ever done this . I have once done it and I do n’t think about it 
I would feel more torn if I think about it 
Good 
An [ eventful lady | mom of things ] in the group is not feeling well ( said to have got a sore throat ) , and there is another [ eventful girl | sister of things ] ( classmate ’s business ) , I declare that the first National People ’s Pandidong Congress is canceled ! 
Pencil No. 7 , how much did you spend for your 9300 ? 
Your name given blindly 
Was the name given by Sasa ? 
I mean Sasa 
Fortunately I am a sister and you are a mom 
Haha 
Comrades =of the Silken Web Cave 
Say 
More than 1,000 institutes have been added 
Are they trying to make us die ? 
Just [ deal with | digest ] these things by yourself , do n’t mention =in the group , thank you 
No 
They talked about the Annual Report 
Just digest by yourself during the work , dear 
Dear ones 
Rules Before A Divorce 
=Watched it 
Does Xiaofan give birth to a son or a daughter ? 
She does n’t give birth 
I am watching 
Then she was hit by a car 
The child dies 
[ God | Faint ] 
She saw Li Xi is with a woman 
Then she ran away 
Then she was hit 
Alas 
What the hell 
Right 
I bought it for 3500 
Now it can be bought with 3000 or so 
But the price increase by 200 or more during the new year 
So I suggest that you buy after the new year ! 
Which shop 
I du n no 
I will send it to you when I know the answer 
I want it too 
Did you just brush your toilet ? 
Woman~ 
Hi~~~ 
I found out 
It is a bit early 
Hahahaha 
Woman~ =Why am I so (( unwise )) ? 
Hahahaha 
You are so classic 
Actually you will know who it is after searching in the group 
This is so fun 
Hahaha 
The later is classic 
Zeng Xiaobei is so calm 
Just see how you post-90s are bustling 
Not hungry 
Do n’t want to eat 
Very sad 
Woman~ Help me reserve the ticket tomorrow 
I ca n’t reserve a ticket , how can I return 
How can I help you reserve it ? 
On which website do you reserve ? 
From where to where ? 
From Shenzhen to Wuhan ? 
CRH or ? 
Em 
Rapid railway 
The earlier the better 
Tickets will be available from 11 tomorrow 
Ah 
I am busy tomorrow morning 
Is there any this afternoon ? 
Which day do you want ? 
The seventh 
=No 
Then what to do 
Is there any the day after tomorrow ? 
The real post-90s is coming 
I was born in the year of snake , a true post-80s 
There will not be any if we [ ca n’t reserve one | ca n’t get one in a second ] at 11 tomorrow 
I will be engaged in a health walking activity 
So I will not be at home at 11 
And I can not access a computer 
[ Image ] You are a bad one 
Tragedy 
How about your brother 
I got him mobilized 
Alas 
We have to go tomorrow if notified in the afternoon 
Let me help you with it if there is no notice 
Is this [ Cool dog | Kugou ] Sasa ? 
Yes 
Pencil No. 7 is paying attention to you 
OK 
Darling 
What 
Harvest in the evening after returning home 
Zeng Xiaobei 
Do not accuse me wrongly 
Who is the one at the bottom ? 
Darling 
Ca n’t you everybody stop talking about things [ uninteresting | without oil and salt ] =in the group every day ? 
OK 
I am somehow passionate on skating 
Recently 
So sleepy 
I want to ask for leave again 
My heel got scraped the last time I skated 
Was it =that serious 
Will the Silken Web Cave Congress be held in the weekend ? 
Yeah 
It ’s too late . I already held a meeting to announce it . Zhao Demin is the only one who has three years and above 
I suggest that Zhao Demin shoulders 30 % of the venture funds . First , we held a meeting yesterday to announce it . Second , treating an employee who has worked at the company for three years and above differently in policy is a manifestation of human touch and a cultural diffusion of the company 
Okay 
It ’s fine .
It will be fine as long as I tell the Finance again 
I ’ll send a private message to Zhao Demin 
How about we pay the 50 % venture funds from everyone ’s January pay ? 
But the pay was paid 
The pay was issued yesterday 
It is now in your payroll cards already 
Oh ! Okay 
Cash 
That will be the provisional measures . The content can be revised =again base on the situation 
Dear , you send me post cards from so far away , I 'm so touched , I 'm very happy if it does n't trouble you . Address : 6-1-601 , Bowen Garden , No. 210 , Luoshi Road , Hongshan District , Wuhan City , Hubei Province , Liu Dongxia 
=Ok 
Haha 
Girl , you are [ off line | diving ] again 
Hehe , it 's because that my parents feel relieved when they see my avatar is on 
Filial girl , I like you so much 
Hehe , it satisfies their wish of finding me at any time 
Have you determined to take the PhD exam ? 
I will apply for it anyway 
But I 'm also looking for a job now 
Oh , everyone suggests me to get married first and then to study PhD lessons , [ there is a lot of pressure | Alexander ] 
Well , it is right to prepare yourself for both options , it 's the best to prepare yourself for triple options 
Yuanyuan said that I should look someone speedily to stop you to study PhD lessons 
Ah , what the other option ? 
Get married 
This Yuanyuan , has n't she introduced you with someone good ? 
Now there is even no one , getting married is not so easy as you think it to be 
There was one person =some time ago , as a result , Yuanyuan found him unreliable while we were having a meal and stopped it 
Ah ? ! What did you think ? 
Now there is a university classmate , it 's considerable to move on , but it 's also not so bright 
Bright and clear 
Where is this university classmate then ? 
It was on Yuanyuan 's treat because their green card was released , and there were so many people that had a meal together 
I have n't talked much with that guy 
I felt that he looked ok , just a little bit short 
Yuanyuan said that that guy was too arrogant 
One of my student is studying PhD lessons in Texas A & M University , I do n't know if there is a friend , do you want me to ask ? 
Thank you , Teacher Liu , but is it too far away ? 
This classmate of mine is in ｄｅｌａｗａｒｅ 
Oh , then you move on with this one first , if it does n't work , I will help you to ask then 
It 's mainly because that we do n't know which direction we will go at last 
I 'm still a little bit worried about long - distance relationship 
Ok , thank you , Teacher Liu 
I went to Texas during the travel 
That boy is very good , but I do n't know if he is younger than you , he got his bachelor degree in 2007 
I would tell you earlier if I knew it , perhaps we could meet each other 
Same grade with me 
I 'm also grade ０７ 
Yes , come on , told me earlier , I could ask him to serve you 
I went to Philadelphia from Houston and back 
I always see him talking online about how he makes dinners , he 's a very capable young man 
Really ? 
What 's his major ? 
Chemistry 
Wow 
It was me who encouraged him to go out 
But you can invite him to Philadelphia to have fun 
Hehe 
Where is he from ? 
Wuhan 
Oh 
He is my fellow - townsman then 
I will check if I have his pictures 
You are so fast , haha 
There was a picture of him and me , but I have n't found it yet 
I will send you a picture of my classmate for you to have a look 
Some pictures taken during our trip 
I have hung out with this classmate twice 
Ah , average appearance , but it seems that he 's a nice guy 
It 's the taller one 
My mother says that he looks like a middle eastern guy 
Is it the one on your left ? 
Well , how tall is he ? 
He wears glasses , not sunglasses 
I do n't know the specifically , I think he 's 175 at least 
How to take a screen shot ? 
ctrl+ what ? 
Purple plaid shirt 
? 
I want to take a screen shot for you , but I forget how to take 
It 's on ｑｑ 
This scissor is 
This is when we went to Chicago last time 
This is my classmate 
Can it be zoomed in ? 
I think he looks ok 
Yes , pretty handsome 
His skin looks pretty white 
I do n't know how to zoom in 
He 's pretty comely 
Right 
Just click the first picture 
I attach importance to appearance 
Is n't there a picture of him holding a baby down the personal file ? 
Click that picture and make it into normal size , then take a screen shot 
I still do n't know how to do it 
Well , I almost can see , he is pretty handsome indeed 
He looks so small 
But I think that he is the type with a gentle character 
Really ? 
He went to study PhD lessons directly after getting the bachelor degree 
He is my proud student 
Haha 
That makes sense 
The person you picked of course is an outstanding person 
He should be in the same year with me 
Same grade , I said it wrongly 
I told my stidents that they could study PhD lessons directly after getting the bachelor degree at that time , they all did n't dare to think about it , he did exactly as I said and as a result , he made it , it was full amount 
You should be in the same year , you are both from Wuhan 
Pretty outstanding [ emoticon ] 
How about you help me to ask him if he has a [ girl friend | friend ] 
Not bad 
What 's his constellation ? 
Ok , I will contact him immediately 
Can you see his birthday ? 
You are so fast 
My god , I do n't know that , let me look for it 
Do n't you have his ｑｑ ? 
It should be in the friend 's profile 
Aquarius , o - type blood 
It 's not a perfect match constellation , but I can have a try 
His alma mater is No.1 Middle School attached to Central China Normal University 
Wow 
What about you ? 
He was in the same school as me 
Maybe we were also high school classmates , I just did n't know him 
If we were in the same grade 
I 'm Cancer , it 's a perfect match with Scorpio and Pisces 
You are a perfect match with me [ emoticon ] 
But things like constellation can only be talked about , it 's not always correct 
Yes , my best friend is also Scorpio 
Is he the boy student in this picture ? 
Of course 
Why do I feel that this one does n't look like that picture ? 
It 's a matter of photographing 
His height is tall 
Is this his mother ? 
Maybe , I have no idea , I stole it from his Zone 
Why do I feel that his mother looks also like a teacher 
Maybe 
Oh , haha , you are so cute 
The picture he 's in a swimming poor looks handsome 
He 's a good athlete 
And not short - sighted 
Right 
I 've already been short - sighted , I had better look for one with good sight 
I have to go now , there are some affairs in the institution and they are calling me . I will ask for you and let you know when I get the information 
Ok , thanks , Teacher Liu 
Are you there ? 
Right . Copy that ! 
Which book shall I use for vocabulary ? 
Will the leaders come to inspect on Sunday when we are on duty ? 
No 
It is our department 's arrangement , Zhang Ke do it himself 
Is he sick ? How to eat at noon ? 
Will they see the training when they come ? 
It still needs to be nearly a day 
No , actually it 's just on duty shift in office 
Nannan did n't come last week 
She said that she had things to do 
Zhang Ke said you do n't need to come if you have things to do 
Ah , ok 
I thought the leaders came to spot - check 
How come 
That 's ok 
Basically you do n't need to come 
=Nothing to do at all 
It does n't matter 
How bad it will be if I do n't come 
You only need to stay for half a day if you come 
You do n't need to come if you have things to do 
Does this guy come to pick a quarrel ? 
Yes 
=Let 's send Zhang Ke out if it does n't work 
It is no use 
They wo n't leave 
They appointed the time and came 
What 's to be done then ? 
Ah 
They will leave after talking 
Ah 
At least it can not be solved today 
It needs to be reported to the leaders 
Precisely 
(( Asking him is in vain )) 
Yes 
Director Wang just said that Zhang Ke always makes good things worse 
He will be scolded again 
They think highly of Zhang Ke ... 
Precisely 
These people are freaking good 
These parents are day dreaming 
World champion 
Do the kids play well ? 
So good 
They all can not win the singles champion in games such as Provincial Tournament and Championship Games 
Not to mention Provincial Games 
Why do you still need them ? 
There is nobody else 
This session 's result will not be so good 
Does n't Mr.wang have a little pressure ? 
Mr. Zhou must be worried 
Mr. Zhou is coming , he shares the pressure for Mr. Wang , Mr. Wang only focuses on handball , he does n't take tennis seriously 
I also think so 
Handball is also rubbish 
The sixth can get a gold medal 
Point is that Mr. Wang had reasons in the first session 
I reckon that all the three teams can get gold medals if they play well 
They will get four if they play well 
Handball ? 
For tennis , five will be [ the most | burst sky ] 
Yes 
How many medals have you signed ? 
It 's not easy for Liu Jianbin 
It 's not easy for this session 
It 's mainly because the construction issue has been solved 
What a charmed life 
Xiao Gai , let me know when you are available~~ 
Okay .
I am available now .
Ha , sorry , I 've just seen your reply .
Well .
Are you still there now .
Yeah .
Well , well .
I came back to Shanghai yesterday .
When are you going home then ? I see you have already started on buying a train ticket .
Well , it began to get cold yesterday in Shanghai .
I can buy a ticket for February 4 yesterday , but there is none already .
A rush for tickets for February 5 will begin at 11:00 am today .
Yes , tickets for February 5 will be available today .
I 've been entrusted by someone this time to find some single young men . Is there still any single young man in your company ? 
Sure .
What are their conditions ? 
Well , there are two girls for the moment . One was born in 1985 and graduated from Central China Normal University . She is currently a middle school teacher . Her parents were sent down educated youths . She is 160 cm high with a gentle and quiet air 
There is a Shanghai lad in our office . He was born in 1988 with a height of 180 cm . He is very handsome .
The other girl was born in 1989 and currently is studying for graduate 's degree in Australia . She will come back to China this June . We might as well have them know each other online first .
For the second girl of 1989 , the young man from Shanghai will be the best candidate for her as this girl was also born in Shanghai .
Her parents are working in a government - sponsored institution .
What is the education and family background of the one born in 1988 ? Do you know ? 
He graduated from Eastern China University of Technology .
His mother works and his father is a businessman .
I do n't know about the specific details of his parents ' work .
Well , his job is technical , right ? 
Yes .
Are you now working with China Power Investment company or Shanghai Power company ? 
I 've always been working with China Power Investment company .
I was in the show last time just to make up the number . They did not have enough people at Shanghai Power company .
Well , that ’s okay . I thought that you worked for Shanghai Power company as a temporarily transferred employee last time .
If that young lad is interested , you can tell me his contact details .
It will be okay to just tell me his online contact .
Let me ask him .
He is out for business now .
Okay , haha , thank you so much . I am also helping the girl upon her mother 's request .
Her mother is very open - minded . She just told me that she wants her daughter to meet more friends at this time . If both the girl and the lad feel comfortable with each other , they can be lovers . If they are not happy together , they can also be friends . It does n’t matter .
Last time you mentioned your exam . How is the exam ? 
Not quite good . It 's below my normal results .
However , it 's not too bad either .
You have got your scores already ? 
If everything goes smoothly , I can pass the exam .
Well .
Not yet .
That 's great .
What 's the height of the one born in 1989 ? 
It may not be exact as it is what I feel like .
She is 160 too .
Is there any update on your own personal matters ? 
No. 
I met another doctor some time ago .
I can not remember whether I 've told you about it or not .
You did n't .
But the doctor hurt me quite a lot .
Are you talking about that annoying doctor ? 
The doctor that you got to know on the TV program ? 
Not that one .
It 's the one I met later .
He got to know me from the TV program .
Well , what happened later ? 
We keep the relationship about 4 months . I told him that we 'd better break up a few days ago . I feel very miserable .
His parents were sent down educated youths and he himself is studying for the doctor 's degree .
Why ? 
I feel all right with him at normal times . Things went on quite normally and happily .
Was it due to different habits , different characters or other factors ? 
However , over the time I found that his emotion is very unstable . He becomes angry quite frequently . Moreover , each time he is angry , his words and behaviors hurt people terribly .
That will not do .
His anger was always triggered by petty things that I do not care .
Do allow me to [ give you some advice from my experience | show off my seniority in front of you ] for once .
Based on my own experience , 
To find the right man , character is the ultimate consideration .
In my case , I always ignited his anger unconsciously .
If two people are not comfortable with the other ’s characters , there will be conflicts throughout their life .
At the beginning , I always tried to find the cause in myself .
Is it because I am not careful enough ? 
Alas , you are too kind - hearted .
But later I found that it did not work indeed .
Well , it will not do for sure .
How was your relationship ? 
His words were upsetting each time he spoke to me . I definitely could not bear his behavior , but as I felt that I like him pretty much , I tolerated him each time . Who knows that there was an " escalation " each time .
Well , what followed then ? Did he apologize ? 
From the beginning , he told me that “ I finally realize the reason that you are not able to find a boyfriend ” or “ please do not call me and tell me that you are very upset ” .
” If you feel uncomfortable , let me know early . Why waste time ? ” 
” There are so many kids in your family and you do n't even have the Shanghai residential certificate . ” 
You absolutely can not continue with this man .
Our conflicts are escalating all the time .
His words proved that he was very selfish and materialistic .
He is not suitable for you .
Blundering are those concerned . All people told me that this man is selfish and arrogant .
Such a man will not love anyone wholeheartedly .
I have been always lowering my bottom line .
Yeah , why should you make yourself miserable ? 
It is not necessary .
You are young and beautiful . Why should you find an old doctor who does not even have a job ! 
He may not even be able to find a job after graduation . How can he blame you ! 
Later , he even told me that he went on a blind date . He had acquainted another girl there and he wanted to continue the loving relationship with her .
My god , how can you continue with him in such case ?! 
He obviously does not care about the relationship with you at all .
I 've totally stopped contacting him now .
Yeah , this kind of man is trash .
I feel that he is an immoral man .
Yes .
Just make as if you have carelessly stamped on a dog ’s droppings when you are walking .
Actually I have one man on hand . He is a very good man , though not handsome . There are 3 siblings in his family and I am afraid you may care about that .
He is 7 years older than me . The economic condition of his family is quite ordinary . Originally I thought that our social position and economic status are in harmony . He has a younger sister . He lived in a rural area during childhood as his father is a rusticated youth .
The attitude of some rusticated youths is not that good and it may cast bad influence on their children .
I didn ‘ t think that I can be so disappointed with him .
Yeah . Even though you can understand him , he does not consider things in such a way . That 's it .
He even told me that his former girlfriend was born in 1988 . She is even 1 year younger than me .
Later , she found another boyfriend .
I feel that it 's not worthwhile for you to waste your time and energy on that man .
I feel that he is the kind of man that even other girls will feel it difficult to tolerate .
Even though he has no special capability , he always tried to crap at others .
Well , yeah , why should you tolerate it then ? Do n't tolerate it any longer from now on .
I think I should give you a good lesson on this when I have time .
That is because I do not want to let it pass . I 'm upset .
You have to learn to protect yourself .
How can I become a girl without any merit in his mind ? I did not think that I would get hurt more deeply every time that I tolerated it .
Why good girls are more likely to meet bad men ? It 's because good girls tend to give in and tolerate .
Forget it , the thoughts of this kind of man are not important at all .
So I broke up with him .
You should trample over him .
Such a man needs to be taught a lesson .
How are you going on now ? 
I will not be angry with that [ bastard | 2B ] .
I am going to rush for the train ticket .
Let us stop here . It starts at 11:00 am .
Okay . As what I 've just said , there is a very good boy who graduated from Jiaotong University and is currently engaged in technical work in his mentor 's company . He is very honest and gentle .
He has a younger brother and a younger sister at home . His sister is already working and he does not need to support her . His brother has also reached the age for employment but is a bit lazy . They are from Henan province . Well , you can rush for the train ticket first .
It might be possible that somebody has returned a ticket . You should refresh the page from time to time . Last time I managed to buy the ticket just because somebody has returned the ticket .
Also , help me ask the boy about his feelings toward the girl . As long as the boy is interested , let them contact each other online .
I have no choice . Some people have entrusted me with this matter and I have to remind you to speed up .
Thank you so much .
Well .
The boy is interested somewhat .
But he said he felt a bit pressured .
Because the conditions of the girl sounds quite good .
Can you share her picture ? 
Haha , that is okay . The girl is easygoing and she does not have so many requirements .
The girl has a Weibo account and her pictures are posted there .
Do you think it is ok for them to add each other as fans on Weibo ? 
That ’s great .
I have just talked about this with that young man .
That ’s fine : ) 
He said it 's okay .
The boy is also quite good indeed .
By the way , the boy graduated from Eastern China University Technology as an undergraduate or graduate ? 
Undergraduate .
Okay . Then he should have a few years ’ work experience , correct ? 
He has almost 3 years ' working experience .
That ’s great .
He was on some projects in the past and was transferred to the headquarter last year .
He was born and grew up in Shanghai .
Okay . As both of them are from Shanghai , they are a good match .
Yeah , he is also a very sunny boy .
He is Aries .
Some time ago when a colleague moved into a new house , everyone was invited to make dinner and play . I feel that the boy is quite nice . We work in the same office everyday and it is comfortable to work with him . There is nothing disgusting about him .
What ’s the name of the boy .
The girl has never been in love yet and she is the type of girl pursuing pure love .
Liu Chunchen .
The boy had a girlfriend before .
He is single now .
What ’s the Weibo ID of the girl ? 
The boy said that he only read others ’ Weibo but never posted any content himself .
DaisyJ0328 DuJing 
I will communicate it to the girl immediately . They can contact each other on Weibo and ask for other contact methods .
I need to be away for a moment .
Okay . Why does n't the girl find a boyfriend after she returns to China ? 
I also feel that the girl is quite young . However her mother is very worried about this .
The age of the girl is not too old indeed . Her mother 's idea is that : if she has a boyfriend at home for her to miss , she will return to China when she graduates this June which is great .
If she has no boyfriend at home , she can also find a job overseas and there is no hurry to come back . However , her mother still hopes she will come back anyway .
Another point is that she is a very simple girl . She likes to stay at home and has little connection with others . Her mother hopes she can have some opportunities to meet some friends . It does n't matter even if they do not end up as lovers . It will be fine as long as she can make friends .
Oh .
Could it be done remotely ? 
Little Pengpeng ? 
Damned it , you have not come yet 
Wang Xiang said the accounts are not balanced 
Train tickets are not easy to buy 
Uh , wait till I get on Engineer Yang 's machine . It has PLsql on it 
How about preparing scrambled eggs with Chinese chives for you at noontime and waiting for you ? 
Your brother does not need this anymore now 
This power is not sufficient 
Efficiency is too slow 
Come quickly , it is said it is going to snow .. otherwise , I do n't know when you can arrive 
It 's hardly likely today 
… 
Have you come yet ? 
No , I may not be able to go over today 
How about first find some way to do it remotely 
Bro , they are chatting , how come you are n’t joining in ? 
You do n’t seem to have said anything lately 
Ha , bro , I ’m just back from a meeting .
I ’ve been very busy , I 'm not in the mood to chat .
It turns out that very quietly getting on with my work is pretty good [ smiley ] 
[ smiley ] I went away yesterday , just back now ! 
It ’s good to have meetings to go to ! 
Beijing is very cold , I bet ! Take care to keep yourself warm ! 
Looking at your status always on busy , I thought you ’d turned into a superman – no eating , no drinking , just working 
Haha , I left yesterday afternoon , and I ’ve just got back to the factory now ! So that it has been logged in all the time ! 
When do you get holiday ? 
February 7 - 18 , 12 days of holiday . What about you ? 
February 5 - 18 
Two days more than us , not bad ! It ’s a chance to spend some time with family and relax a while 
Right , this year you are not going back to my hometown ! You 
I ’m not just not going back this year . In future , I ’m basically never going back any more . My parents are both in Beijing 
I expect I ’ll probably never see you again in our hometown [ smiley ] 
[ smiley ] You ’ve become a Beijing local ! 
Hehe , I ’ll always be a Jiangxi girl 
Sometimes you want to go to the countryside to take in some good air [ smiley ] 
I heard reports saying that there ’s been a lot of dust in Beijing lately , is that right ? 
The air quality is poor , smoggy . It ’s getting better now . When I have time I actually do want to arrange with some college friends to go back to have a look around the countryside in Yongxin 
Sorry , [ smiley ] someone came and interrupted our chat again , it ’s hard work chatting with me , always getting interrupted ! [ smiley ] 
You ’re good at [ battling through the distractions | the long battle ] 
Just so long as you do n’t misunderstand if I ’m chatting and chatting and then ignore you 
Seeing as we ’re bros , of course I wo n’t misunderstand 
[ smiley ] You really are a good bro ! Hurrah for understanding ! 
The scores have come out 
Did n't you say that the director is going to a meeting at council on Monday ? 
Yes 
On the morning or the afternoon ? 
[ Bluesky | Lan Tian ] has just given me my social security number 
The amount in January has been paid 
Well , that 's pretty fast 
I am going to eat first 
Catch you later 
Which bank is the account in for payment transfer for purchasing Chinese torreya ? 
Ask your elder brother directly 
Why did you ask this morning about the director 's meeting on Monday ? 
I was going to ask him whether the topic selection meeting on Monday morning should still be held 
I should ask him every time before this meeting is held 
Oh , what does he say ? 
He goes in the afternoon , so there is no conflict 
When do you get your payroll ? 
How did you sleep yesterday ? 
When did you sleep last night , I actually did n't know , Hoho 
Tong Tong and my parents slept on the lower berth 
She was coughing a little bit 
Slept on the lower berth together , hoho 
The contract says the 10th 
Well , is it quiet at No. 174 ? 
It 's OK , very quiet 
Hoho , can you get up in the morning ? 
Of course , at almost the right time 
But that girl had almost the same time as me . She also took the 7:40 shuttle bus , she does not work in Wanke 
Which shuttle bus did you take ? 
Then you two need to share the rest room 
45 
I took the first shuttle bus , but I =did n't see you 
I was on the first shuttle bus , too 
I saw you at the metro station afterwards 
But I was behind you 
Well , hoho 
I take the taxi every day 
Hoho [ emoticon ] 
What did you tell the adults ? 
Something about being nearly late 
And my mom kept pushing me 
I got annoyed 
Emma is home , you can put him up at my home 
Great ! 
I 'll be busy to death on Monday , Tuesday , and Wednesday 
Go ahead with your work 
I 'll be much more relaxed after that 
Good night . I must get [ Big Worm | Dachong ] to sleep 
Okay 
Tomorrow , you can take Emma to visit that museum 
It 's not bad 
Bring some food on your own 
It ’s expensive there . Not worthwhile 
There are places for having meals 
Good night 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
We indeed have not put the income on that form 
No figure can be filled in 
If we fabricate a figure , they may require a tax payment proof or something like that . We ca n't fabricate that 
Then do we have students under the name of Chongqing Haitian Qiaochu Software Vocational Training School ? There must be income if we have students 
It is also a required number 
Are we allowed not to report the number ? 
Because the human resources and Social Security Bureau know us too well . They know the number of our enrolled students in the first year of enrollment and it is impossible that the number of students is now zero 
Are you there ? 
[ I ’m here | zai ] 
Still in Dalian ? 
Yeah , oh yes 
And you ? 
When will you be going home ? 
I do n't know . Lunar New Year 's Eve , I suppose 
So late .. 
Yeah , that ’s right . The =holiday will start then 
How did you do in the exam ? 
By the way , do you know any talent recruitment websites for Dalian ? 
Not so good 
Haha 
I only submitted my resume to [ Zhaopin . com | Zhaopin ] and [ 51job . com | 51 ] 
There are no other websites 
I also visited the human resources website of the development zone 
But it was not so good 
Where should I look for the information about job fairs ? 
Baidu 
There are many in November . Not sure whether there are still job fairs now 
After the start of spring , there should be one over at Xinghai 
That 's the biggest one 
Oh oh , okay , I 'll have a look 
Yeah , you want to look for a job here ? Are n’t you going back to work in your hometown ? 
Are you back at home now ? 
I 'm already home , if I do n't qualify through the examination , I 'm afraid I must look for a job in Dalian 
Oh . Okay . Enjoy yourself at home . You can decide after you get the scores . You must have confidence in yourself . Haha .
I did n't do well in the math exam this year 
There is no other way 
How about your girlfriend ? 
She is uncertain as well 
Yeah , if so , make some preparations in advance . The period after the Spring Festival will be the prime time for job hunting 
Yeah , that 's why I 'm looking into it in advance , how are you doing at work ? 
Not bad . It 's not strongly related to my major , but also in this field . I still have to self - study 
What are you learning ? 
Analog circuits 
What I do is related to this 
Power electronics 
Both subjects are difficult 
I can only say what we learned in university was too simple 
If you engage in technological work , you will understand this 
Is it difficult to teach yourself now ? 
[ So many | one pile , one pile ] [ awesome | ox cunt ] people 
It ’s not difficult 
It can be linked with practice 
So it 's simpler 
Oh oh , let 's learn it then . In the future when we know everything , we 'll make something of ourselves too 
Yeah , that ’s right . No choice but to teach ourselves 
You are going home on the 30th ? 
Supposedly , I 'll leave on the 28th of the lunar calendar and arrive home on the 29th 
How many days can you stay ? 
5 days . Then I 'll come back 
[ Fuck | I grasp ] , Little Japan is too [ fucking | his =mom ] despicable 
Yeah , well , [ they | other people ] have no Spring Festival , so , by giving several days off , they 've already [ shown respect to the Chinese | given face to the Chinese ] 
Do you still live in that place ? 
Not there anymore . I 've changed to another place , but it 's in the same neighborhood 
Changed again ? 
It ’s still the one that I changed to that time 
Oh oh , are you all right living there ? 
It 's really not easy , do you plan to settle in Dalian ? 
I do n't plan to . I 'll wait and see during this half year . If I feel I have opportunities for growth , I 'll stay here . Otherwise I 'll change to another place 
Cao Teng said that their company is recruiting people =again , are you interested ? 
Must be a registered household resident of that place , right ? 
Otherwise it would be difficult to get in , right ? 
I did n't inquire in detail about the specifics , you can ask him , I feel it 's quite good 
Yeah , all right , I 'll ask him 
Yeah , yeah . I have to take care of other matters , take care of your health , do n't [ damage your health through overexertion | simmer till damaged ] 
Yeah , okay , get in touch often ! Give me a call when you come back again 
=Okay ! 
^ ^ In such a clear autumn with a bright moon , what are you doing ? 
I am watching TV ... Sister Hua 
How are you recently ? 
I am in Xishui . I 'm fine .
Ah , you are in xishui 
I went to see your grandpa 's second younger brother yesterday 
Will you go back to celebrate the New Year ? 
Um 
No , I will return to Yellowstone tomorrow .
Will you go back ? 
No. Our school has just started . I may plan to return China in August 
Will Ruirui celebrate the New Year with you ? 
Oh 
How is grandpa 's third younger brother ? 
Ruirui is learning the piano . She ca n't stay long .
He 's fine 
Wow~ that 's good ! 
A child 's learning ability will be very strong 
She just started learning this year . She has good musicality .
Your grandpa 's second younger brother is sad . He has to suffer pain until death .
You will not be able to see him when you return 
Um , right .... I know .. I talked to grandpa 's second younger brother over the phone . When brother came back on May 1 , I chatted with them for a long time 
I hope God bless grandpa 's second younger brother and let him suffer less ... 
Um 
Be sure to have fun in your hometown ! 
Say hello to grandpa 's third younger brother for me ! 
I will call grandpa 's second younger brother after a while 
Um , you take care of yourself , too .
Dear , are you all right ? 
I seldom see you online .
Hi ! 
How are you ? 
This question sounds so much more like a stranger .
Faint 
What have you been busy with earlier ? 
I have n’t had your news for a long time 
You disappeared 
Oh .
I ’ve been attending classes and doing research etcetera 
My dynamic space has been updated all along . You ’re too busy 
Only that I ’ve logged onto qq less for a long while 
Um , where do you go ? 
If I do , our time difference also keeps us apart 
Weixin 
Oh .. you started using it now 
Do you have =Weixin ? 
Oh , there is no time difference because I work in shifts . It ’s round the clock ! 
Oh 
Yes , I do . I added you already .
I need to log off to rest . We ’ll chat next time 
I browsed your space ! 
Which class are you taking ? I ’m wrong .. I seldom read the space status 
Why does the time keep changing around ? 
I work in shifts .. 
What kind of an awful job that requires shift work ? 
Take a look at this 
If you can not find how to enter the HOST file , use this method 
You can leave this method aside first , I 'll help you check it 
(( I just saw the software method )) , I =did n't see that it is added to Disk C 
If you are afraid of making a mess , do not use it first 
Why ca n't I see when the ticket starts selling for your train ? 
Both trains of the aunt 's have the specific times 
Ah ? I do n't know , I only know that T201 departs from Beijing so the ticket should start selling at 10 o'clock , where did you see the time ? Send me the network address 
I have sent it to you 
Have n't you received it ? 
Yes , I have 
I just checked again , indeed you can change Disk C , you can leave it aside if you are afraid of making a mess 
Does it mean I need to download the Mo Fang Optimization Master ? 
Zhao Quan ! There is another thing ! I want to buy the high - speed railway tickets from Shengzhou to Guangzhou and from Guangzhou to Zhongshan on February 11 ( January 2 on the lunar calendar ) , please help me book the tickets . I will also book tickets myself 
If you do n't want to look for it by yourself , you can use Mo Fang Optimization Master , but you need to be using Windows 7 
=I see .
I am off work now 
(( Banfu )) 
OK 
My system is Windows 7 
Can I paste the network address anywhere in the list of host addresses ? ? Is there any requirement on the sequence ? Because there are many contents in the list of hosts , which are also sequenced 
Have you started or =not ? 
Yes , (( it 's gone )) 
The book buttons are all gray 
Are they gray all the time ? 
Then what shall I do ? 
T13 
There are tickets available 
Buy or not ? 
No 
Do n’t 
Time is short 
Click " refresh " quickly then 
Check 201 
T13 
All are =sold out 
Wait until 11 o'clock to start booking again 
There are some tickets every hour 
OK 
I am going grocery shopping and cooking 
OK OK , it 's =nothing , thank you 
Have you bought it or =not ? 
=No ! I have started working on it with a ticket booking software 
I was kicked out of the system when buying the ticket for your mom 
Alas 
I pressed the wrong button 
I have bought it 
Do you need to install a 360 browser ? 
=Special version for ticket booking 
OK 
It is faster 
I have set automatic ticket refreshing on it . See what you can do on your side 
Keep refreshing , anyway 
I have 7 classes next semester [ expression ] 
7 , so many ? ! We have a rule where you can take 4 classes only if your GPA is 3.5 , and you can take 5 classes if you have straight - As 
Are you going to help change the tests ? 
No , but I 'm going to investigate 
Investigate what ? 
Actually a classmate wants me to help with his graduation thesis 
(⊙o⊙) Oh 
Then when will you get back home , the last month of this year does n't have thirty days 
It only has twenty - nine days , I do n't know when I 'll be able to come back home 
I 'm very envious , it 's good to be near home 
Ah ... 
I heard you did n't go to your South China Normal University to eat , haha , it 's been across the way for so long 
No , because none of my classmates are at South China Normal University 
Too bad , then what do you do most of the time ? In the lab or library ? 
No , on the whole I 've been pretty idle this semester , but the next semester will be terrible 
I 've also had all kinds of troubles in the new semester 
Is your boyfriend still working in Shenzhen ? 
Yea 
Everything 's the same as before 
Ah , I 'm thinking of going back to find a partner 
There 's no market if I 'm too old 
You 're still young 
I 'm old , I feel like I wo n't fall in love again 
Use your charm , I 'm not worried at all [ expression ] 
Now there 's all types of tastes , I saw all kinds of lap dances in gentlemen 's clubs , I want to go in to see 
All of the women around me are beautiful , they are all cultured 
I now believe even more that everyone is fond of different things 
There will always be someone who thinks you are great 
Yea , I can appreciate that my guy is probably still in kindergarten holding hands with other girls 
I 'm getting ready to teach , goodnight 
OK , goodnight 
You there ? 
Yea , I 'm here 
Here 
I opened a Taobao store 
Collect it , dear 
Dongchang Brush Flagship Store 
Really ? 
A Taobao store ? 
Really 
Check if you do n't believe me 
You opened it yourself or you 're a partner ? 
Partner , with my sister and brother 
Tired after spending all day online to watch it 
Yea . How come you thought to sell brushes ? 
Because they produce brushes in my hometown , and it is also intangible cultural heritage 
Yea . How are sales ? 
We just opened the store 
Still have n't sold any .
So you have to find time ot help me build my reputation 
Oh 
No problem 
Yea . You 're back home ? 
Yea . I just got home yesterday [ expression ] 
It 's a good thing I returned . It snowed today 
Yea . Really 
I 'm also thinking of opening a store [ expression ] 
Then open one 
I 'm not sure what the process is 
What will you sell ? 
I have n't figured that out .
I just thought about it . But I never went and did it 
Yea , you have to try , do n't just think about it 
Yea . When are you coming ? 
In a few days . I 've been busy at home lately 
Yea , OK , later you can teach me 
Now you 're grown up , you should learn a few things 
Yea , OK 
Yea . [ expression ] 
Haha 
Teacher , I have n’t chatted with you for long 
You nearly forgot your student ? 
Is your family fine ? 
Your student is a little apprehensive 
Morning , ++. I have never forgot you though I rarely chatted with you recently . Hehe , I ca n’t forget you for my life , ’ cause you often made my cry in the junior middle school ! 
My family are quite well . [ Rabbit | Tutu ] has been fine recently and has not been ill for almost two weeks , I am glad about it .
How are you getting along ? How is the factory ? 
I hope everything is getting smooth 
Thank you 
The negative impressions should be forgotten 
Positive ones should be supplemented 
I 'm all right 
But I have n’t recovered from cough yet 
Hope you would have a happy new year after your busy work . Is it still the cold from last time 
Yep 
It has lasted long 
Maybe I am getting old 
40 years old is a turning point , you will be alright after this year 
And I often lead the night shift recently 
It damages you both physically and mentally to stay up late 
I had a great sleep this afternoon and had wet sauna at home for 40 minutes . Then I recovered from my cold . I hereby report to teacher [ emoticon ] 
Hehe . This method for treating common cold can be learnt from . Just out of curiosity , how did you get wet sauna at home ? 
Family steam room 
Well ! How did you wake up in the midnight last night ? 
Still on the nightshift ? 
Yes 
=Hard work 
Many workers went home 
I have to work myself [ emoticon ] 
Then there should be a lot of work for you 
At least one month 
Do you sleep in the day ? 
Very soon 
I will wrap things up at the end of the month 
Good , take care of yourself 
Thank you , teacher 
Good morning , teacher 
Do you know beautiful women are made by sleeping ? 
Hehe , God deprives before bestowing . I will get more and more beautiful [ emoticon ] 
Is my understanding on happiness correct ? Teacher 
Yes . Simple and clean . It would be better if added with calmness 
It will naturally be calm if it is simple and clean 
Somewhat irrational , right ? 
No , I am convinced 
I am happy that teacher is convinced 
Your tranquility , happiness and health is one of the reasons I am happy 
A student 's greatest joy is to get the approval from his teacher 
Hehe , do n’t just say student or teacher , OK ? 
I am serious 
Are you afraid of love between a teacher and a student ? Hahaha 
[ you are speaking nonsense | you talk wildly ] in such a morning 
Are you angry ? 
Hehe . Jia Baoyu 
What do you mean ? 
I said you were like Baoyu 
Then I hope you were Daiyu 
Not good 
why 
Cold moon buries great soul of flowers 
Alas ! So it is 
=Beautiful and true love is aspired by all people , but tragedies can not be reproduced 
All tragedies are so similar 
I am optimistic 
Tragedies and happiness were ordained by fate long ago 
The goal is not important , everything is about moving 
You are surely Baoyu 
Am I wrong ? 
You are not wrong , Brother Baoyu 
I am a bit confused 
Is it me or you that has no direction ? 
Who is confused and who has no direction [ emoticon ] ? 
I am happy so I fainted 
And you ? [ emoticon ] 
You fainted just because I called you Brother Baoyu ? 
Yep 
Because I have been expecting for so long 
Do you expect someone to call you Brother Baoyu ? 
Were n’t you Brother Baoyu long ago ? You had so many sisters [ emoticon ] 
I just expect you to do so 
Haha 
I am no longer the old me 
I hope you were just ridiculing me 
If I was ridiculing , will I get happy and faint ? 
I mean , I 'm not as bad as I used to be 
I will be away for a while 
Hello teacher 
I am coming 
Hehe , you are not busy anymore ? But I am a bit busy 
No problem 
Just go ahead with your work 
Still busy ? [ emoticon ] 
Yes . I have been busy these days . I have to work overtime last night and tonight 
Hard work 
The same hard work for you 
Take care of yourself 
We do the same hard work for common sweetness [ emoticon ] 
Hehe , let ’s have a Häagen - Dazs together if there is a chance , sweet enough ? 
=Accompanied by a few red beans 
I never heard about Häagen - Dazs with red beans [ emoticon ] 
We need a bike 
Haha , I ca n’t ride it [ emoticon ] 
You sing Ferry behind me 
I will carry you 
Haha , maybe Ferry is not suitable for such a scene 
Then Dream Wedding 
Hehe . Somewhat sentimental 
Ballade Pour Adeline 
You ’d betterbe silent 
Silence is gold 
Are you there ? 
Yeah .
Hehe , if you have any more boys , please help me ask them . I am very sorry that recently there are so many people coming to me and asking me to introduce boyfriends for them . Most of my classmates around me are not single any longer .
How is your train ticket ? Have you got one ? 
Chenxi , last Friday a boy in my company told me that Li Jiajie wanted to introduce a girlfriend to him and that the girl was also studying in Australia . Is she the same girl ? 
You told it to Ye Sha ? 
I got a ticket . Soft cabin . No matter what it is , it will be ok as long as I can get home .
No , I did n’t . I told it to Zhou Mingye . Maybe it 's Mingye who let her to ask .
There are a few boys in our company indeed .
However , when I hear that the girl is from Shanghai , I feel that the conditions of the boy at our office seems more suitable . Hehe .
Haha , good . The girl 's mother is also quite happy with the conditions . She is just afraid that her daughter does not match the boy as I told her the boy is tall and handsome .
I also have three girls born in 1985 , 1986 and 1987 respectively . They are all quite good - looking .
What is the date for your soft cabin ? It 's really difficult to get one . What a crazy rush for train tickets now .
I have a boy here born in 1987 . He is from Hebei . He is not quite good - looking . He has bought a house up there in Jiuting .
He is from Hubei . I was wrong .
Do you have his picture ? 
Let me see .
The girl born in 1987 is very pretty and she is from another province too .
Let me see if I have his picture .
The first one from the right .
There is also another lad from Jiangxi . He was born in 1986 and he is from a rural family . He holds a bachelor ’s degree from Huazhong University of Science and Technology . He is good tempered , but the conditions of his family are not so good .
Are you still there ? 
Yes .
Is it the first one from the right with a plump face ? 
Yes .
What ’s his height ? 
174 cm or so .
What ’s the height of the boy from Jiangxi ? 
The one from Jiangxi is 171 cm .
Well .
Let me ask first . Wait a moment .
Do you know the Zodiac of the boy ? 
The one from Jiangxi is Leo .
But he feels like Cancer somewhat .
The one from Hubei is Scorpio .
Where did he graduate ? The one from Hubei ? 
Huazhong University of Science & Technology .
Both of them .
Well .
Then I will communicate the details to the girls . If both of them are interested , they can contact each other online . Can the boys accept the fact that the girl is one year older than him ? 
It should be okay . I 've not yet told them about it . After all , the girls here may not be interested . If the girls are interested , I will talk with the boys . Otherwise , it does not seem to be proper .
Well , that ’s fine . I think there probably should be some girls who are interested . Don ‘ t let the boy know as of now . I will ask for the opinions of the girl born in 1985 . I feel that she is quite suitable .
Well . The boy from Hubei loves singing . He can also play piano . I sings very well . I 've heard it .
Wow , more points for him .
Do you have a photo of the one from Jiangxi ? 
Let me check . His features look very good . His skin is a little bit dark .
He is not quite handsome in photo .
I picked one from his QQ Zone .
Okay . I have saved the photos . I will let the girls have a look , and then I will contact you .
Well , okay .. 
It seems that there are indeed more girls than boys .
Yeah~~ .
Actually the boy from Jiangxi is quite good . I am in the same department with him . Everything else is acceptable except for his height . However , it 's pity that we are so close .
Haha .
After all , it 's not a campus where it is a commonplace to be in love with a classmate .
This should not be an issue .
Dear , if you feel that he is good , you can keep him for yourself .
You can not share them all .
Things are different after you start to work . I do care about the two people working in the same company , especially when both are in the same division of the same department under the same teacher .
I always care a lot about this in my mind .
Oh , what a pity .
Therefore , though from time to time there are people trying to make a match , both of us evade it more quickly than anyone .
Oh , that 's it . In fact , it really looks like a good match . I still think you can consider it .
After all , there are many couples in state - run enterprises too .
Do not try to limit yourself with this .
You 'd better think it over .
No need .
That ’s okay .
Hehe .
It seems I have the talent to be a matchmaker .
The trouble of office love is : once you 've started , you can not break up . Once you 've broken up there will be a lot of gossips . We have to pay attention to this . The impact will last for a long time .
Xiao Ding is still single . Do you have anyone suitable on your side ? 
Xiao Ding may not be interested in them .
Yeah . Many teachers introduced men with doctor ’s degree etc. to Ding but she refused .
Yes , girls like her have higher standards .
That is because of her good background .
Haha , maybe . But the main reason is her attitude .
I need to log off first as I have something to take care of . Chat with you tomorrow . Thank you so much , dear .
Okay .
Bye bye .
Bye bye .
Why are you buying tickets ? Going back for the Chinese New Year ? 
Yes 
It is weird this year 
It used to be very easy to buy 
Drive back , highway has already reached Yongxin 
I have n't driven on the highway and am a bit scared 
Are you going back to Yongxin for the Chinese New Year ? 
Yes 
If it is not Yongxin , then it is Wuhan 
Hehe 
Wo n't your husband go with you ? 
It is planned that he and my younger brother will drive back together on the second day of the lunar year , and I will take the kids and go earlier 
He ca n't take leave in advance 
Oh 
Hehe 
Tickets for this line used to be very easy to buy 
After online purchase this year , I do n't know what 's going on 
Buy tickets to Zhuzhou , high - speed train 
I want to buy from Wuchang to Ji'an 
Oh 
This way , if my family is coming to pick us up , it will be faster 
High - speed train tickets are very easy to buy 
Oh 
It still takes three hours and half to get home from Zhuzhou 
Hehe 
It does n't , right ? 
It would be easier to go to Zhuzhou via Pingxiang 
Yes , it does 
High - speed trains are only available going to Pingxiang 
After Pingxiang , it will be just State Highway 
Yes 
Woman~ Tell me if I should by a suitcase 
Do n’t you have a suitcase already ? 
Not good looking 
Too antique 
Darling 
A suitcase is just fine as long as it can be used , OK ? 
It does n’t have to be that good looking 
(( You just leave it at the hotel as soon as you arrive )) 
So I am hesitating 
You do n’t have to 
Really unnecessary 
People just toss it around on the plane 
Why bother buying a good one 
Then it is scratched everywhere on the way 
Hum 
I wo n’t buy it 
I will buy a coat 
I want to buy a padded jacket 
Yeah 
Buy something to wear for the trip 
As for the suitcase , pick a random one 
I do n’t know what kind to buy 
I also want to buy a hat too 
A hat ? 
Yeah 
I saw others =wearing , very beautiful 
Then you choose one carefully 
I =do n’t have any interest in hats 
You just do n’t know how to buy one 
I have n’t bought a coat 
Then how to do 
I just ca n’t go for the trip looking ugly , can I ? 
Then buy [ some | two ] new clothes quickly 
You help me choose on the Internet 
I do n’t have good taste 
Make it in the noon 
I have been so busy with my work recently 
=Good =good [ emoticon ] 
But what I have viewed are all expensive , dear 
Have a look first 
A rich =person 
Hahahaha 
I am getting impoverished 
I must pay back to others with the money you gave to me 
I will get impoverished very soon 
Have you bought the plane tickets ? 
So I wo n’t waste money before I go out traveling 
=Not yet 
[ Oh Gosh | Faint ] 
Woman [ emoticon ] 
Little girl , I am so hungry 
[ Oh Gosh | Faint ] 
Did n’t you have breakfast this morning ? 
No 
The steam bun store =was closed this morning 
Are you on diet ? 
[ Miraculous | Sweat ] 
Sneak out and get something 
I ca n’t 
We are on the fifth floor 
I will be seen when I go down 
So you ask for something from your colleagues 
Or drink some water 
None of them have 
Hang on 
No other choice 
There is one hour before lunch 
Hey hey 
Help me have a look at Taobao 
Choose one not too thin or too thick so that I can wear both at home and in Shenzhen [ emoticon ] 
An overcoat or padded jacket 
I do n’t want a quilted jacket 
A padded jacket or a thick overcoat 
Is n’t a padded jacket the same as a quilted jacket ? 
Oh~ I thought you were saying a down jacket 
I was attracted by an Ochirly overcoat 
I am not very good looking in it 
Probably you will look good in it 
Made of wool 
It is probably very expensive 
Send it to me and let me have a look 
This actually looks good 
I want this one 
The latter one 
Over 900 
=No money 
Right 
You try it in a shoppe 
and see which one looks good 
Then you search on the Net 
I just do n’t know how to go shopping 
Alas 
Any recommendation ? 
I only had a look at [ this brand | her shop ] recently 
Woman 
Rich =people 
That is =not the case 
I will be impoverished if I buy one 
Can you recommend a good website ? 
I ca n’t afford one from a shoppe 
=Nope 
I do n’t visit Taobao 
What do you mean in your QQ [ mood | signature ] ? 
Lines from The Grandmaster 
The network is so slow 
[ I am sick of it | It makes me to want to vomit blood ] 
Beibei , I have something to see to after work 
I am holding the gun 
You three are behind 
Hahahaha 
Dissensions are flaring up in the Silken Web Cave 
This child is the calmest 
Where is the KTV we decided on ? 
The KTV we decided on has disappeared 
(( Joking )) 
It was canceled due to the [ eventful lady | mom of things ] above you 
She suddenly said she had a sore throat 
She started !!! 
Obviously Zeng Xiaobei wanted to hang out with classmates 
Do n’t blame it all on me 
O~~~K~~~ 
Hahahaha . Everybody [ is | seumnida ] very violent 
This is the most cruel 
Creepy 
Badly mangled 
So ugly 
This 
I want to have bread 
Egg tart 
[ It is | Seumnida ] 
You are hungry again ? 
Too much work 
I do n’t want to do 
[ Oh Gosh | Faint ] 
Lingling gave me a very childish handbag as a gift [ emoticon ] 
Show me the picture 
See it ? 
Not yet 
Nothing 
I saw it 
This is really a bit childish 
Do n’t bring it when we are travelling 
Boo hoo 
I will bring it 
I have made up my mind 
Ah ah ah ah 
OK 
It ’s up to you 
Then you do n’t have to buy a handbag 
Yep 
I wo n’t buy 
Yep ] 
I wo n’t buy either 
Just let it be childish 
I borrowed a chest bag from my colleague 
Lalala 
Mess around 
Do n’t waste money 
Yeah 
Show me the picture 
I =do n’t have any money to waste 
Boo hoo 
I have no picture 
Just a little ordinary chest bag 
What is a chest bag ? 
Just a bag you carry in front of your chest 
I do n’t understand 
I bought this one 
Just fine 
I ’ve been having loose bowels for a couple of days , do you have good =methods ? 
Aah 
=No 
I just recovered automatically 
I was thinking about the Silken Web Cave 
Silken Web Cave is too [ uninteresting | having no salt or oil ] , so I will quit the group 
It will be OK if you add some salt and oil 
Give it a chance to grow up ! 
I am son sleepy~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
[ Image ] Again . You should not say anything [ uninteresting | having no salt or oil ] !!! 
You will be seized by Sasa ! 
[ Fucking | p ] the seizer , dismissed 
Relentless child 
Dismiss 
We are not standing 
[ Image ] Oh no , gathering 
Gosh 
Xiaobei =is coming 
Boo hoo ~ 
I will take my pills 
Ah 
You will take your pills ? 
=What happened to you ? 
I ’ve been having loose bowels 
Ah 
Then you should go to hospital 
I do n’t want to go 
Go immediately , dear 
It will be terrible if you lose too much water 
I will go downstairs to buy some medicine 
Good 
You just go to hospital if you are still feeling ill , dear 
=Sleepy 
Hehe 
=Extremely =sleepy 
Did you steal anything last night ? 
Nope~ I just watched TV 
Until very late 
What happened ? ~ Extremely =sleepy 
Hit yourself 
Poke yourself 
Pinch yourself 
Or wash your face in cold water 
I have to work on such a fine day 
It is very foggy today in Wuhan 
Aah 
Is it cold ? 
Cold 
I have run out of my skin care products 
Oh 
What can I do ? ~ I am wearing only one coat . ~ I will not have any clothes to wear after getting home 
Just buy one , dear 
You got to use skin care products 
What brand should I use ? 
I have been using Avene 
Shall I go to Hong Kong ? 
Then you just use Avene 
Then shall I go ? 
Go 
Hahaha 
I encourage you to go there 
Alas~ It ’s not good value for money if I just buy this 
The traffic fare was expensive and I have to queue 
Then you buy more in one trip 
And store them at home 
OK ’ I have n’t been there for a long time . I will give you my Two - way Permit . ~ Please help renew it 
OK 
I want to buy something very much 
But I do n’t have any money 
Hehe 
Save money 
You bring an eye cream for me when you go 
I want Estee Lauder 
=What brand 
Small brown bottle series 
OK~ 
I just want it 
Send me the picture before I go 
Is it just what we see in the advertisement every day ? 
Hahahaha . That ’s it 
I want to have a try 
I have used 3 bottles of Kiehl 's 
And I want to try another 
Wow 
You are so persistent 
I do n’t wash my face sometimes 
How is hc ? 
It is bad 
You will get old 
HC is ? 
dhc 
What do you use ? 
I just heard about the makeup remover of [ that company | his family ] 
But that is not as good as Shu Uemura 
True 
I just want to buy a makeup =remover 
Avene ’s makeup =remover is very bad 
Just useless 
Then you buy a Shu Uemura 
I also want to switch to Shu Uemura 
I still have a big bottle 
You must tell me the English name 
With Shu Uemura you just need to =use the makeup remover once 
Otherwise I will not recognize anything 
You may not use cleanser any more 
Should I send you the picture before you go 
Or send you the picture now ? 
Send it before I go 
Send right now 
You capricious little girl 
I save it as a picture 
=When are you going ? 
Probably this week 
I am afraid there would be many =people 
This is Shu Uemura 
See it ? 
Estee Lauder eye cream 
I see it 
OK 
Lalala 
There are four kinds of makeup remover 
I picture I sent was cherry flower 
Then you have a look at which one you are suitable to when you are going there 
What do you use as foundation ? 
BB Cream 
Well 
What ’s the brand 
Now I am using Revlon 
Just OK 
Very thin 
My powder is theirs 
I bought it with 30 % off 
Maybe =cheaper than in HK 
I also =bought at a discount 
Wow~ I just have used it for makeup for a few days 
Hahahaha 
I do make - up every day 
Ah 
I ca n’t get up 
I do n’t want to remove it either 
Besides , it grows pimples 
You will surely have pimples if you do n’t remove your makeup 
You will have pimples too if you do n’t remove all 
Huh 
So it is a trouble 
I just went to another office 
Here and there , a lot of money 
Let me make a budget first 
I go 
Hahahaha 
Good 
As you like 
Dear 
What are you busy with 
Doing the accounting work 
Little accountant 
Yah 
You have work to do , little accountant 
Odd jobs 
I do n’t want to do any work 
Boring 
= [ What | Divine horse ] 
Hey 
Are you there ? 
I 'm here I 'm here 
After you graduate are you planning to go back or stay here ? 
Look for work 
Here 
How about you ? 
I might go back 
Why ? 
I 'm not studying anymore 
Ph . D .
Before that during winter break I 'll look for jobs for a while in China 
Learning knitting yarn 
Ca n't keep learning 
Haha 
I 'm going to quit right after finishing my Master 's 
Then what kind of job will you find in China ? 
Have you started looking ? 
I 've been looking at publishing houses 
Not yet 
But the pay is n't great 
Oh 
Then you 'll still go back 
I do n't really feel like staying here 
So I did n't look 
My boyfriend is working in China 
Oh 
The one from college ? 
No 
A different one 
Haha 
He went back to work in September of last year 
You met him in the U.S. ? 
Oh 
Yea ... it 's a long story 
Haha 
I broke up with the one from college not long after coming to the U.S. 
Oh , yea 
He found an American girlfriend now 
Long - distance relationships are hard 
Anyway understanding is hopeless 
I 'm always in a long - distance relationship , sigh 
But it 's good that after half of the year is over I 'll go back 
What is your friend doing then ? 
I 'm now at a law firm in China 
I studied a Master 's in law at Duke , then I came back 
Haha , how about you ? 
Do you have any information you can reveal to me ? 
No 
Haha 
Have you been in touch with Yuanzi ? 
I do n't know how she 's doing 
No 
You have n't heard from her ? 
Ah , I 've been too busy 
Actually , I 'm alright , haha , I do n't plan on working here 
I have n't even been in touch with my classmates that came from Huazhong University of Science and Technology to the University of Pennsylvania 
It 's more comfortable that way 
Actuall we 're all like that 
After the period right at the start 
Then everyone was busy doing their own thing 
We have too many things for our major 
Yea , did n't you say you have a year and a half before your major ? 
Or you 're all done after a year and a half ? 
And my class selections did n't work out 
I chose very tough classes 
Haha , OK 
I 'm done in a year and a half 
The older folks did n't tell you ? 
Then she 's already graduated ? 
I do n't know 
I think she went back to China over winter break 
But I think she 's still coming back 
Oh , I still have n't been back to China yet 
Then you 've already found a job ? 
Wow 
You 're amazing 
I go back almost every winter and summer break 
At the earliest I 'm going back to China in 2014 
Then you 're doing an internship here over summer break ? 
I start opt right away 
After graduating 
Yea , it 's not easy to return to China with OPT 
Yea 
So a lot of people hurry to go back during this winter break 
You 're not going back ? 
Then do your parents come see you ? 
Yea , I visited the South during winter break 
No 
Are they coming to see their graduation ceremony ? 
Time has really flied 
Two years passed just like that 
Ah , yea , so many things happened during these two years 
I did n't think about it before 
In the blink of an eye , some people have graduated and come back to China 
A guy who came with us to Duke has already graduated and gone back to China 
Someone got married 
They studied half of the program and went back to China to get married 
Anyway , all sorts of amazing things 
Ha , I 'm going to class 
Chat later 
OK 
A lot of you all returned to China , most of the people here still want to stay 
Have you been to Philadelphia ? 
Ha , no. 
Enjoying being at home ? 
When do you go to Wuhan ? 
I 'm thinking about how to get to Wuhan now , it 's hard to buy tickets now 
Is it snowing ? 
Yea 
I was just thinking of asking you about this 
My mom said it 's hard to buy tickets now 
If you ca n't go , just send the stuff to them 
I know 
It 's just that I really want to go 
Yea , they say you can buy train tickets online now it seems 
They are all grabbed up very quickly 
They say Guanggu looks really good now 
A lot of Fortune 500 companies have moved in , it 's very stylish 
Is n't Guanggu a place for shopping ? 
How come Fortune 500 companies went there ? 
I mean the area around Guanggu 
A high and new technology development zone 
Oh , has it been snowing in Philadelphia lately ? 
It did just now 
It 's been pretty cold lately 
It 's pretty cold in China too 
And it 's not central air 
Do you have heating ? 
Is your home close to the sea ? 
They all have heating in the south 
Zeguo , Wenling , it sounds very warm 
A water town in the South , haha 
It 's not that cold , but it 's still more comfortable abroad 
Is it because of the quality of the air ? 
You ca n't breathe well in China ? 
I only discovered that the air quality is bad after returning to China 
Go buy a face mask 
Yea , I clearly noticed the air was n't good 
Now I miss China , but I 'm afraid to go there too 
And you will feel like China is really messy 
Lots of people ? Volatile atmosphere ? 
No , just everyone together not following any rules 
Yea , do you drive in China ? 
A little in the countryside 
How are your classes ? 
We have today off for Martin Luther King , Jr . Day 
But I have to finish a few assignments that are due , but I never want to do them 
Any progress in going to Wuhan ? 
My mom says you ca n't buy any direct tickets anymore , you have to take an indirect route , tell me if you have any updates [ expression ] 
I 'm not going to Wuhan anymore , it 's too much trouble to take an indirect route 
Yea , my mom told me just now , too much trouble for you 
I did n't distrub you because I thought you might be busy 
I just mailed the things to your mom , Shunfeng , form number 575567214666 , you can probably check it tomorrow , I also insured it just to be safe 
Is it payment on delivery ? 
OK 
Thanks 
Yea 
What did you send ? 
Anything apart from what I gave you the day before you left ? 
That makeup , razor , those socks , and a few bottles of nutritional supplements 
Good , thanks 
Then are you enjoying the Spring Festival atmosphere at home ? 
Right , there 's the lipstick and greeting card for my classmate Yuna 
Did you send it to her by express mail ? 
? 
(⊙o⊙) I think I forgot this , I put them all in the same package 
Do you have your classmate 's telephone number ? 
Tell me what it is and I 'll have my mom send them to her 
Wait a minute 
The tragic thing is I think I left that card here with me 
I 'm getting too old 
Then what can we do ? 
Send it to her in a different envelope ? 
Send it like a letter ? 
Directly mail it to that classmate ? 
No problem , in any case Yuna will return over summer break , and I can have her send it then 
I wrote the card 
You should just leave those things for your mom to use 
It 's OK to write it for Yuna 
To avoid her classmates discovering the writing is n't right 
Then you keep it yourself 
Let it be your New Year 's card 
But my visa was approved without a problem 
I was just going to ask you about it 
Haha , great 
That visa officer was really fierce at the time , I worried about it for a long time 
It was really hard for you to go back to China this time 
You had a visa interview ? 
How come I remember just paying for my second visa 
Right , a visa interview is fast 
Paying the visa fee is too slow 
Oh , then how long is this visa good for ? 
The pants I bought have arrived 
Come over to take a look if you have time 
It 's a bit loose after I put it on 
I just came over 
Hmm 
Are you coming over to take a look ? 
OK 
This style recommended by the seller is also pretty good , it 's also from Uniqlo 
You take a look first . Once you have picked your choice , tell me which ones to buy and I will place an order again in the evening 
I 'll just buy the pair you bought today 
Demin blue , and I want size L 
xl for grey , size l for demin blue , right ? 
Right 
OK 
I made an order for the pants , which should arrive tomorrow 
Which pair did you buy ? 
The same as yours 
I bought a pair each 
My mom thinks it looks pretty good , and she took that pair I bought 
Hmm , hehe 
Dear ! I 'm going crazy , that horrible landlord appealed 
What ? 
It 's been so long 
Yea , the school got our letter today , then the secretary emailed me telling me to go get it 
My roommate heard that and said she had a bad premonition from the letter 
Then ? 
Then we got the letter and we knew it was bad as soon as we saw the address of the landlord 's lawyer 
But we did n't see any court date on the subpoena 
You determined it was a letter of appeal ? 
Yea , notice of appeal was written on it 
Then does your lawyer know ? 
I did n't contact the lawyer today , he went home . I sent him an email and I 'm waiting for a reply 
Good ! 
That couple are really low ! 
Did your friend win or lose his lawsuit ? 
Good ! 
Good luck ! 
Call me if anything comes up ! 
I 'm heading out ! 
OK , bye bye 
Must do .
I never thought I would be able to get in contact with you , haha 
Where are =you now ? 
Yea .
I 'm at the gate 
I got in touch with Shao Yang a while ago 
Haha , I never saw him since graduating from elementary school 
Yea , it 's been 10 years 
Yea , the time went by quickly 
Are you still in Liaocheng ? 
Yea , I returned while on vacation .
You 're still in school ? 
Yea .
What school is Han in ? My son is over 1 year old [ expression ] 
Graduating soon . [ expression ] 
Haha , not bad 
Shanjian , junior year 
Oh , I finished middle school , and went to technical school for two years , I studied for no use , haha 
How old are you ? Can you get your certificate ? 
I was born in the year of the sheep , it seems you are one year older 
Yea , it seems I ca n't get my certificate 
Haha 
Yea 
I did n't get my certificate [ expression ] 
You 'll get it in the last half of this year 
[ expression ] OK , entering the grave of marriage 
[ expression ] You were born in the year of the monkey , right ? I recall 
Yea . Yes .
I 'm in no hurry .
Yea , you 're still in school , there 's no rush 
I graduated from technical school in 2008 , it 's no big thing not to get married , haha 
I did n't feel good after getting marriage , anyway I have to be free for two years [ expression [ 
Yea , that 's good too , sooner or later , haha 
What is Shao Yang doing ? 
Opening a new store for his dad , making money 
Oh 
You also left long ago , I was the only one left [ expression ] 
Have you changed a lot ? Are you the same old you ? 
Yea .
Haha , you 're a college student 
Slowly getting fat .
I ca n't believe it 
I remember back in elementary school 
160 now [ expression ] 
Haha 
Let me see your son 's picture 
Ah , let me find one 
So fat 
This was at the gate two days ago when it was snowing , taken outside KFC 
Oh , fat little baby , your mom is helping you watch him ? 
This was taken when he was 1 
Yea . Strong and cute [ expression ] 
How is your wife ? Have any pictures ? 
No , my mom is still at Yuhuanggao selling screws 
My wife is at home watching our kid 
Yea , I thought your mom was watching your kid 
Watching me 
How tall ? 
178 .
You ? 
Oh , 181 [ expression ] 
I 'm speaking modestly , haha 
[ expression ] net height 
Haha 
... 
Two such happy ladies 
Haha 
I 'm going out to eat , ha , I just got back . Meeting classmates . Shouting as I go 
Ah , you go 
Yea , we should get together sometime 
OK 
Hello 
I 've sent Jiu Ding 's license to your QQ inbox 
Hello 
I 've received them , thank you 
Thanks very much 
You 're welcome 
Hello , do you have scanned copies of the organization code certificate and the tax registration certificate ? 
You should n't need those , project construction generally just needs the licenses that I sent you yesterday 
The Construction Department provided photocopies of its organization code certificate and the tax registration certificate before they submitted their bids 
So this time the Construction Department says they need them , too 
Because I have n't done a bid , so I 'm not clear on it 
We 've never used them , so I have n't got scanned copies 
OK , I 'll try sending these now . If I need them I 'll contact you again 
Thank you 
Mm , mm 
You 're welcome 
Uncle , this is Xiaoliang 
[ emoticon ] Have you arrived ? 
I 've arrived . I arrived on the 16th 
How is it ? Has everything been arranged ? 
Not yet . My language skills are still no good after I got here . Whatever I do , I do it quite slow 
I 've just =reported to work 
I have n't yet bought a year 's worth of things for the apartment 
bought everything 
Hmm . Hehe , now you realize the importance of English 
I 'm going to apply for a social security number tomorrow or the day after tomorrow . It 's similar to our ID cards . Otherwise I wo n't be able to do anything 
The people here speak English too fast 
Hehe , this is actually called being in [ a real - life situation | =real gun and real battle ] . It 'll be useful for your little baby 
I want to enroll Shangshang in a kindergarten in the next few days 
and let him get a bit of practice 
Otherwise , if he =stays at home , he wo n't learn anything 
Yes . That 's a big thing 
Have you got any Chinese colleagues there ? 
I do n't know yet . I should have , I think 
I have n't been in the lab officially 
Where are you staying at the moment ? 
Next Monday I should be able to get into the lab officially to do some work 
I 've rented a small apartment off - campus 
Is it expensive ? 
It should take 15 minutes to walk to the office 
1,000 US dollars a month 
Equivalent to 8 or 9 thousand renminbi , right ? 
Just over 6 thousand 2 hundred 
The renminbi has appreciated in value now 
Oh . That 's really expensive 
Converted into renminbi , it is expensive 
The average salary for people here could be as much as around 80,000 US dollars 
It 's not much to them 
Oh . In that case , you have to do your best to earn money over =there [ emoticon ] While you 're =there , are you still being paid from here ? 
I 'm not earning any money over here , hehe 
My money is 1,700 US dollars a month from the China Scholarship Council 
How long are you planning to stay =there ? 
One year . I will come back this time next year 
What is your initial impression of the place over there ? 
There are fewer people ; the air is better ; it 's very peaceful ; and the streets are tidy and clean 
=Which city are you in ? 
Philadelphia 
I ca n't fully tolerate the food here -- I 'm not used to it 
A few days ago , I went to a Chinese supermarket with a Chinese man I know and bought some things 
Are n't there any Chinese restaurants ? 
There are -- they 're all quite expensive 
I 'll have to cook on my own 
There are quite a lot of black people here 
Is it safe in public places ? 
Have you taken any photos in the Qzone ? 
I think it 's quite safe in public places . I do n't really know . I do n't go out in the evenings 
I have n't had time yet to take photos . I will later 
Hehe , take plenty of them 
What is Shangshang doing ? What time is it there ? 
Shangshang is playing with a little friend 
It 's 7:48 in the evening here 
13 hours =behind China 
behind 
Can his little friend speak Chinese ? 
Yes 
Do you have enough money to spend ? If you have any problems , I 'll wire you some 
I have enough 
Hmm , I 'll get on with tidying up the storefront . Let 's chat again when we have time 
OK 
I 've quit my job . Is there any suitable person you can recommend to work as a housekeeper at [ 7 Star hotel | seven stars ] ? Or housekeeping director ? It ’s best that it ’s not a student .
Our manager wants me to find a person to fill the vacancy caused by me 
Did n't you quit your job and went to work in Tianjin long ago ? 
I quit my job , but I still have to continue to work for another month ( QQ for Pad supports the transmission of personal emoticons : http://im.qq.com/pad ) 
Xiaotong , I 'm getting ready to observe tomorrow 
But I did n't contact that Sister Janice first , it 's OK if I directly go , right ? 
You there ? 
Here 
Can I just directly find Sister Janice tomorrow ? 
I do n't know 
Do you have to email them to confirm before you go each time ? 
Yes 
What ! 
Then I 'll send an email this evening 
Yea ! 
That would be better 
Right , who 's class are you observing ? I want to observe someone else 
Or do you think it would be better if I observed the same one ? 
Would the information be more complete this way ? 
We heard Sister Janice 
You two are preparing to observe this person later ? 
No , just listen to whoever tomorrow 
Yea , OK 
You can have transit take you 
Penn's ? 
Yea 
Is n't that only available after 6 o'clock p.m. ? 
To get me 
Can it bring me back ? 
You ask 
Sister Janice mentioned it that day 
What is the address ? 47 what street ? 
Hi 
Hello 
Have you contacted each other , and has he come back from the business travel ? 
Hehe 
He said he would be back on Wednesday 
But I have n’t contacted him so far 
Well 
I think he would be quite busy after coming back from his trip . He would do with materials or something , huh 
Then you mean he came back yesterday , right ? 
He told me so last week 
He should be a little busy after coming back from his trip 
OK 
Yeah 
It does n’t matter 
I was busy just now 
OK 
He ’s not online , hehe 
OK , I will wait until he has time 
Hi , Teacher Wang 
We 've already arrived in America 
I 'd like to ask a question about insurance 
Which company 's insurance did you buy at the time , and how much was it for a year ? 
I 've seen the insurance recommended by the consulate , and for one year for our family it would come to 6,000 - 7,000 US dollars , which is too expensive 
I just bought the insurance recommended by the consulate , from the New York International Student Service Center , and yours is not expensive . But for family dependents it is expensive , and so I just bought my own , which was 99 a month , with 100 % refund of expenses . For Xu Feng , I bought him the most basic type , mainly providing compensation for accidents , with compensation of only 50 dollars each time you see the doctor , and one where you would wait for more than six months before getting the money back , which I felt was something like a life insurance policy 
I 'm also looking for a cheaper one 
As far as the =consulate 's insurance is concerned , if you buy it for the whole family , it is too expensive 
It depends on what Zhou Shang 's health is like . If they 're not too prone to falling ill , then you can buy the cheapest one for Limin and your child . For yourself , you can just buy the one from the New York International Student Service Center 
Zhou Shang is more or less OK , and so I 'll just buy a cheap one 
Are you on vacation ? 
Yes . It remained lonely and cheerless this year over the Chinese New Year , but it was much better than last year 
When you spent the Chinese New Year here last year , was there no New Year atmosphere ? 
Did the state refund the expenses of exchange scholar Sevis ? 
Right , they celebrate Thanksgiving and Christmas 
They did n't refund them 
Yes . It is quiet over here -- I 'm not used to it 
Mom is telling me to eat properly -- leave me a message if anything crops up 
Hehe , go eat your meal 
I 'm going to sleep . [ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Zhang Zhixiang , are you in the office ? 
Can you get General Manager Zhang to sign some things for me ? 
General Manager Zhang 's in Dongying 
Oh 
In that case , I 'll send them to you first . When he comes back , can you ask him to sign them ? 
It 's not very urgent 
Do you need them urgently ? 
I can wait until he comes back and signs them then 
They 're things New China Trust has asked for 
I took a look at the content . The actual content of both copies is identical 
The main thing recounted there is the progress of the engineering project and our sales situation , excerpted from our monthly supervisory management reports and our monthly sales reports 
When General Manager Zhang gets back to Hekou , can you ask him to sign them for me ? Many thanks ! 
OK 
You 're welcome 
Are both copies the same ? 
The titles are different 
The content is identical 
He needs to sign both copies 
Yes 
Sign them both ? 
Where should he sign them ? 
Right 
" The signature of the other party concerned " -- in that box ? 
Where it mentions the other party concerned in the top right - hand corner 
OK 
Sister Jiang Ying 
I am here 
Have you started your holidays ? 
No , we are always the last to start our holidays 
When will the money be in place ? 
There is still some work not finished 
Alas ... 
I really do n't know 
You are over 
Have n't you started the holiday there ? 
We are the last to take holidays 
Hehe , bless you 
Alas 
Yea .
Why do n't you say anything ? 
Just finished eating 
Oh 
They brought me back .
Do n't you have a six - digit Q account ? 
Yea 
Taobao 
You were cheated ? 
You 're getting what was sold ? 
Said it was my responsibility 
No responsibility for after sales ? 
Why is it yours ? 
Said I changed my password , who knows 
What ? 
I 'm depressed 
That 's OK ? 
Yea . At least the account is not OK 
Yea 
It seems we are n't safe even after buying something on Taobao 
500 
Means you bought this seven - digit one ? 
8876 .
How much did this cost ? 
How much did I sell it for ? 
Lost money 
At first my friend 
1995669 
Also sold 
I 'm not buying .
=Only needs three years of membership money .
Only needs 
If you asked me to sell to me for 350 , at the time I did n't buy 
Used ones can all be gotten back 
You know water passes without a trace , the Divine Farmer is Within .
It 's his . He also has one 3096784 
Yea .
Within is from my hometown . None of them would cheat me 
It seems like there are n't many users 
Use 
Yea , you go 
OK , you go play , I 'm getting off , going out to take care of something 
OK 
You mean you no longer need a Q account ? 
I 'll hang it up for a while . Wait for my friends to adapt and look for this account of mine ... will stop using it 
Yea . OK 
Oh , if you 're not using it , sell it to me 
Past 100 ? 
Yea 
Passed in the evening 
Now it 's 98 
Xiao Gai , are you there ? 
Yes .
Can you give me the contact of the boy from Hubei ? 
Okay . I will talk with him about it too .
What ’s the status of the girl from your side [ Emoticon ] ? 
You can just get me his QQ number .
Okay .
The girl may not be able to log on QQ today . She went back to hometown today . Her parents were sent down educated youths but they did not return to Shanghai and they are in Anhui .
Well , that 's fine .
QQ number .
I am talking with the boy .
What ’s the name of the boy ? 
What ’s the Zodiac of the girl ? 
The girl was born on February 8 .
By the way , ask the boy to be more proactive .
Okay .
Do you mean the boy from Hubei ? The girl went back to hometown , correct ? 
Or do you mean the Shanghai lad 
? 
The one from Hubei .
Fine .
Haha , she did go back home . However , they will contact each other anyway , right ? 
I heard that the one from Shanghai has got in touch . Just let them develop their relationship on their own .
I have another girl born in 1987 on hand . It ’s a pity that she wants to find a boyfriend who is several years older . Otherwise , the boy from Jiang Xi is quite suitable .
I do have someone several years older .
Only that I feel they are not presentable .
After all , boys have to be a little handsome .
What are the specific requirements of the girl ? 
The girl does not have any specific requirements anyway . She only hopes her boyfriend is a bit mature .
The girl is quite beautiful .
A bit mature ? Then forget it . Actually I have a boy born in 1985 . He does not work in an engineering company . He is from a branch of Shanghai Municipal Design Institute . He is 180 cm high . Sagittarius . Skin is a bit dark .
But he is not quite mature as he belongs to Sagittarius . He is very amicable anyway .
I think he is quite good .
He is the classmate of one of my classmates beside me .
Actually , if the young girl requires his boyfriend to be mature , it 's usually out of their imagination .
Hehe .
I have his picture .
Sent it over then .
I only saw him once . He is the classmate of my colleague beside me . He holds the master ’s degree from Zhongnan University and he gets his bachelor ’s degree from Nanjing University of Science and Technology .
He came with his classmate to China Power Investment and I saw him then .
Well , okay . The picture seems to be transferring quite slowly .
You may send it to my QQ mailbox . I can download from there .
I sent it as an offline file .
There is problem with the network on my side so offline files wo n't work .
He has an ordinary look with dark skin .
He also has a younger sister who works in Shanghai . His parents are also working in Shanghai . His hometown is in Jiangsu . I guess he is from a rural family .
Oh , okay . Got it . Anyway , I still can not receive the picture . Can you send it by email ? 
Okay .
[ emoticon ] How are you , Boss Wang 
[ emoticon ] Boss Lu , I am not a boss 
What are you busy with ? 
Reading a manuscript~~~and you ? 
Has it been busy for your business lately ? 
We have already been on a holiday for half a month , haha 
I am looking after my son 
What manuscript are you reading ? 
How enjoyable 
A manuscript from a publishing house 
What ’s there to enjoy ? It ’s boring to death . Every day I accompany him to watch cartoons 
Your masterpiece has been published 
Enjoy it well . When you are working , there will be no time for this 
It ’s not that 
I read the manuscript for somebody else 
Script review 
Wow , that ’s awesome 
I am just [ working for someone else | making wedding gowns for others ] 
What ’s so awesome about it ? 
Then go ahead with your script review . I shall not distract your train of thought , hoho 
Haha , it does n’t matter , I ’m fine . This manuscript is not complex by comparison 
Hoho , I do n’t even know how to write anymore 
Are you busy lately ? 
It ’s really not very busy these days 
The Spring Festival is drawing near , so you must be very busy , right ? 
The focus has been shifted to script review . Business is very slack 
What ? Has script review become your full - time job as well ? 
I have been doing this all along , but not full - time previously .
I did business on [ Taobao.com | Taobao ] previously . In fact , my health became slightly poorer . I did not tell you and Si . I slowed down my business on [ Taobao.com | Taobao ] later on because of my health , too 
Oh , which publishing house ? 
Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences Publishing House 
This is a job which requires a very solid foundation 
It is going relatively smoothly for the time being . After all , there are few people who can write something consisting of complex material 
Then you can also take advantage of this platform to publish your own masterpieces 
Haha , where do I have any masterpieces ? 
In this era humility is not necessary . As long as you have the capability , just [ make it known loudly | shout it out ] , haha 
This job is tiring , right ? 
Not tiring . It ’s more suitable for pregnancy and birth 
Haha , that 's good then 
Work attendance is recorded on every Tuesday and Friday . Freedom on normal days 
Is the salary high ? 
Then your [ Taobao.com | Taobao ] business will be slowly set aside ? I think that since you have already managed it to this extent , if you give it up , wo n’t it be a shame ? 
My basic monthly salary is three to four thousand , which falls under low wages . There is a bonus for working on books . Payment in this area is slightly more .
It ’s pretty good . This offers freedom , and you can also make money 
Yes , I thought it over for a very long time . The [ Taobao.com | Taobao ] business is now being continued at a slow pace . I ’m neither giving it up nor adding more effort into it . Modifications will be made in the future . [ Taobao.com ’s | Taobao ’s ] small - profit model is not suitable for me ( not because there ’s not much money , just that my body can not take it , it does more harm than good ) , I will leave it like this until I find a good business model 
How many [ Taobao.com | Taobao ] shopkeepers have [ died | hung up ] at a young age , I think that if I continue , I will be the next one 
If so , you can consider changing your mode of operation , 
You could cooperate with somebody or rent it out 
Perhaps you have not paid attention to the relevant reports . They were all between 26 - 28 years of age . Last year another five or six died , sudden deaths 
Then you ’d better change your mode of operation . I think that since you devoted so much effort to it in the past , it will be truly a great shame if you give it up 
Yeah , both the business model and the inventory need to be modified 
Is there a preliminary plan ? 
First step , find people + clear stocks 
No further plans for the later stage 
I want to find a suitable person with whom I can cooperate and really do things . I ca n’t find anyone 
Transfer it directly 
No , it ’s not 
Hire someone ? 
I have never thought of transferring it 
It ’s a cooperation , not employment 
Oh 
Hiring is completely useless . I tried this before 
Did you replenish your stock recently ? 
No 
I stopped stocking up recently 
It ’s unfortunate that we are too far away , otherwise I would work with you , hoho 
Yes 
I have too much spare time 
It 's true many problems would have been resolved if I had moved to another place , but I do not want to leave Shanghai now , so I shall hang in there like this 
Just stay put over there 
Your home is there now 
Replenishing stock , packaging , delivery , customer service , consultation , typesetting , image retouching , are all done by myself alone . It really does n’t work , but neither is it worth hiring people . That ’s why at the early stage , many people get the elderly folk in their families to help out , because the costs can not be too high in the early stage 
Yes . Just thinking about it gives me a headache . =Just image retouching alone , I must also deal with a variety of customers 
Because I was staring at the computer screen , using the mouse as well as lacking sleep for long periods , my immunity is getting worse and worse 
Yes , my husband gave it a try the other day . In one day , he just released several products , retouched a few images . He would not be able to cope at all if he had to answer questions and pack the goods at the same time 
It seems that all the girls with literary talent are in poor health 
Nonsense . For me , it ’s purely fatigue 
I fell ill only once in the past , it was when I was a [ third year university student | Big Three ] 
Haha , it is not purely due to fatigue , but also too many colorful thoughts , so you are not merely physically tired 
Now I take it easy and things have turned better . Before that , I was indeed under great pressure and hoped to make it 
I always thought you can definitely make it 
I had an epiphany after my health was found to be poor during an examination at the hospital . No matter how well I do , it will not be as good as being healthy 
Yes , [ Good health is the prerequisite for work | The body is our capital for revolution ] 
Every joint in my body gives me a feeling of pain . Once you experience it , you will know . It gets painful from time to time . I suppose I will become a (( big shrimp )) when I get old . Sigh , it is really a mockery for vain people 
Haha , exercise more 
Exercise diligently 
My son is about to sleep . I shall coax him to sleep first 
Yeah , all right 
Just take a little easier , Boss Lu . Health is the [ prerequisite | capital ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Third Sister 【 note : this user is currently using Q+ Web : http://web2.qq.com/】 
Hello 
No. 5 
We have n't seen each other for ages 
What are you up to ? 
Right 
Haha - I 'm at work . What are you up to ? 
What are you busy with ? 
I 'm not busy 
So am I , hehe 
Hmm , I 'm not busy 
How about you ? 
Are you in Zaozhuang ? 
Yes 
I 'm planning to set up a blind date for someone 
I 'm looking for a photo , haha 
I heard you got married the year before last -- I did n't even know 
Oh , hehe 
Right . I originally intended to send you a message on the Internet , but after a long search , I could n't find your name 
Later on , I basically did n't notify anyone 
I mentioned it to Zhu Henglu 
So did I - I remembered that I previously had your number 
Right – it was added before 
It looks like you do n't use that one anymore 
Have you got married as well ? 
I use it , but I do n't use it often 
Yes 
Hehe 
Oh 
Haha , is it anyone I know ? 
You should do 
In that case , I know who it is 
A really refined guy 
Who ? 
I remember back then when you told me about it , you already had the intention to get married 
Haha 
Is it that man you met over the Internet ? 
Oh ~~ 
It 's a classmate , hehe , semi-classmate , hehe 
Oh ! 
So , have you got a little baby ? 
Not yet - what about you ? 
Have you had a child ? 
Haha , not yet 
Oh - do you plan to have one this year ? 
Yes . We plan to have one this year , I 'd say . What about you ? 
We intend to 
Haha 
Third Sister , where are you working now ? 
Hehe , it seems we are doing the same 
I 'm in a publishing house 
What about you ? Are you downtown ? 
Sister , I 'm in a TV station , 
A minor reporter 
Haha , we 're in the same industry ! 
Being a reporter is a good job 
It 's really =tiring work 
Hehe 
Uh , it is a little tiring , but your life is interesting and fulfilling ! 
Hmm 
I saw Zhang Pei yesterday 
Did you remember her ? She 's now working in the justice bureau 
Notary office 
Li Sen is in the Development and Reform Bureau 
Oh ? I have n't seen her since I graduated 
Hehe -- her child is six years old ! 
How time flies ! 
Hehe 
Are you still in contact with No. 1 ? 
No 
No. 2 and I chatted last time 
Not with No. 2 either 
I do n't even know where No. 2 is 
And also No. 4 
In a central - government - owned enterprise in Tengzhou 
Who ? No. 4 ? 
It seems it 's Sinopec , right ? I ca n't quite remember -- China something or other . No. 2 
Or No. 2 ? 
Wow , really terrific 
Or else it could just be CNPC ? 
Hehe 
Yes , the work unit is quite good , and her husband is also in that work unit , and her son is very handsome 
I have n't seen any of them 
I 've forgotten the name -- China something 
I heard No. 4 say that No. 2 has gone away to another city 
What happened ? 
Probably sent to another city by the work unit ? Or did I remember that wrong ? ... 
(⊙o⊙)… 
If it is another city , it 's probably Tai'an 
Hmm 
Third Sister , where is your husband from ? 
Do I know him ? 
Haha , he 's from Zaozhuang 
You do n't know him 
I met him in Shanghai 
Are you still as skinny as before ? 
I 've become really fat ! 
Really great 
You have good luck 
I 'll show you a photo 
OK 
Hehe 
Can you see it ? 
I have n't seen it yet ... 
Eh ? 
I 'm sending the file 
Done 
There 's no virus ! 
Receiving , the Internet connection speed is slow . Wait a minute 
Hehe 
Ah , the transmission was unexpectedly interrupted 
Hehe , it 's on my microblog 
If you 're interested , you can have a look ~~~ 
OK , I 'll go and have a look at your microblog 
Hmm 
Haha , you have n't changed ! 
Hehe , I 'm older 
Haha , you have n't changed , you have n't changed -- you 're as young as ever ! 
Third Sister , whatever you say is always nice to hear ! 
\(^o^) / ~ I 'm telling the truth ~~ I 'm the most honest one , you know ~ 
Section Chief Xu , have we decided on the PE Morality Awards for the tournament and championship last year ? 
I think so 
Can you check if they are on the results list ? 
They are not on the results list 
Has Jinan team won any PE Morality Awards for the tournament and championship , Section Chief Xu ? 
It seems not 
Are you going to apply ? 
Yes 
No , as far as I can remember 
Well … 
They are all given to teams with poor results 
How poor Jinan Team ’s results are 
Haha 
You ’ll get the awards this year 
Thank you 
Were there really no awards for us last year ? We are going to have appraisal soon , and they would add scores for us 
No 
Well … OK 
Brother Chen , if you 're there look for me , I have something to tell you 
Brother Chen , why is n't anyone answering the phone ? 
Hi Little Zhu . What 's up ? 
I did n't download your trial version .
So I ca n't say how it is to use .
Oh , I see , because yesterday the amplitude was 75 points , the 2330 point is especially key 
The market rose over 2 months , then the atmosphere changed , and the low position large capital that is the main force controlling the market has already gone to warehouse , and you ca n't buy stock at a low position after another fall , small adjustments in these stocks are your opportunity to get in 
Oh , my shares still have n't moved .
Dig in before the holiday , bring it up after the holiday , there are always mostly shocks before New year 's , then they suddenly break out after the holiday . There are also opportunities in consumer stocks during Spring Festival . There is n't much trading before the holiday 
Yes , I do n't have many bullets on hand .
You can make some waves around this middle line trend 
I 'm not ready to change stocks at the moment , I 'm making a long line .
I need time to watch the market . I have had a lot of meetings lately .
Can you give some recommendations for the stocks I 'm holding ? 
Oh , since now there are n't any good choices for choosing stocks , after this year a lot of stocks might be in high positions 
Watch the middle line trend , the main capital is continuing to buy in , so in later periods there is a hope of a continued rise 
Oh , thanks 
The colored bars appeared in Bulao Jijie 
Qiangshi Jinchai 
This is an eighty percent success rate 
My cost is near 10 yuan . You can only escape with a long march .
But you do n't know how far the main force will take it for short - line profit taking 
It wo n't , you do a few more waves 
How many shares did you buy ? 
A little over twenty thousand 
You ca n't blame the market for this , you have to avoid buying in at a high price the most 
When others buy and you buy too , can you not be trapped ? 
Before I bought them , then I stopped for a while because I thought they would go up some more , but they did n't , and they fell to where they are now . A friend recommended it .
Why not do this , tomorrow come to our company , I 'll make arrangements with our lecturer , help you analyze a method to get out of the falling prices , bring your computer too , I 'll tell you how to install and use the trial version 
I 'm busy tomorrow . How about I see whether I have time next week ? 
OK , actually you can also bring your stocks 
OK , I 'll contact you when I return to Wuhan . Thanks .
No need to wait until Saturday , because it will be easier to understand the operating methods they teach to you with actual offers 
No problem 
OK . [ expression ] 
Are you still at work or what ? If you have time now I can do it long - distance to help you install the trial version of the software 
I have a meeting soon , I have to go now .
OK , find me online when you have time , I 'll help you install it , you can fool around with it yourself first 
OK .
I just want to ask you about the life as a salesperson , I 've been considering my job recently ... 
You see , I have to consider what I 'm going to do after graduation ... I am not studying for a Ph . D . degree ... 
Yes 
Public servant 
I 'm studying ! 
The flexibility of a public servant is too poor ... 
Are n't we going to do brainstorming ? ... 
... 
Sales 
I do n't really understand ... 
I seldom deal with corporations ... 
Does selling stuff count ? 
If you want enhancement , you should better do sales without commissions , which is relatively clean 
Products , right ? 
Or you should try to get interviewed for management trainees for Fortune 500 
That 's why I am saying I do n't understand ... 
Sigh ... 
What do management trainees mainly do ? ... 
In any case , I just suggest public servants 
Management trainees 
I now know the full name ... 
I 'm going to try zhidao . baidu . com 
That is , managing 
You take a look first 
OK 
Are you guys busy at the end of the year ? 
Brother , are you working ? 
I 'm working . Have you set up the phone ? 
How is Zhou Shang ? 
The Internet has been installed , and I called mom yesterday using the Internet 
Zhou Shang is doing pretty well 
Ask Zhou Shang to call mom , mom is missing her grandson 
Is everything on track over there at your place ? 
Almost 
I 'll go to do experiments in the lab tomorrow 
Ah 
Is it cold over there ? 
Not cold 
It 's about minus 6 degrees Celsius at night and above zero degrees Celsius in the daytime 
Are you getting used to the food ? 
It 's a bit colder than in Beijing 
I 'm not getting used to the food 
We went to buy stuff in a Chinese supermarket in the past few days 
Cook by yourself ? 
It 's OK 
How is mom 's health these days ? 
It 's OK .
How much per minute does it cost when you call using the Internet ? 
It 's a monthly fee 
It seems to be around 20 - plus RMB a month 
Limited to 150 minutes 
While you are there , take more photos and send them to your Qzone and then I will give them to mom so she wo n't feel bored 
OK , in a few days 
Did grandma pass away ? 
Yes 
Brain hemorrhage ? 
Yes 
It 's good in a sense so she would suffer less 
That 's right . Is it colder this winter than last year ? 
Ah 
You all take care over there , you all have to be safe and sound .
OK 
=What happened to you ? 
=Nothing , just see what you are doing 
Bored , extremely bored 
Will you still take the Civil Service Exam ? 
I am extremely busy 
I will take it 
I will take it definitely 
I ca n’t survive if I do n’t take the exam 
I am busy too , but I just do n’t want to do anything , do n’t want to do anything 
Hahahaha 
I do n’t want to do anything either 
But I have no choice but do it 
Do n’t do , do n’t do 
Shall we have a reunion dinner before the New Year ? 
=No problem . I wo n’t see you when the New Year comes 
So it is 
Hahahaha 
Then I will call Sasa 
OK , =no problem 
But recently I am destitute 
I am impoverished to . =Damn it , the year - end bonus of this year is still nowhere 
It seems that our year - end bonus will not be paid before the New Year 
I do n’t know about the situation after the New Year 
The same for us 
Besides , we are finding it difficult to survive 
Darling 
Did n’t your get a pay raise ? 
The most depressing thing is all the supplies given were nothing but rice , noodles , oil 
It is like returning to the days before liberation 
We just have nothing 
Yes , my pay is raised , but the performance related payment has gone 
Aah 
It is just like this 
This is 
Is n’t it almost the same as before ? 
I do n’t whether it is gone only in this year or still in the next year 
Huh 
How miserable we are 
What happened this year 
Xi Jinping came into power 
Does n’t that make things better ? 
Reunion dinner is forbidden 
Money will not be given 
Not good 
I will go out for lunch , Darling 
Let ’s chat in the afternoon 
Darling 
You are not busy today 
There is lot of work . I do n’t want to do 
Hey hey 
What shall we have for the reunion dinner ? 
Anything would be fine for me 
Anything but expensive things 
Let us try group buying [ emoticon ] 
Can you find one ? 
I lost myself in the work 
Then find it next week . Next week will be fine 
I will not be fine even in next week 
I will be crazy with work until the New Year 
Finished ? 
Not yet 
Way to go 
Yes 
It suddenly dawned on me that next week is the New Year 
Now that the New Year is approaching , we still have no money or supplies 
How do we spend the New Year ? 
Do n’t you have rice and oil , dear ? 
I just went to have a look at the so - called rice and oil 
Then ? 
It turns out to be just a bag of chicken soup and a bag of duck soup 
So this will do ? 
Even without a can 
Hahahaha 
Your work place is so funny 
The problem is that they got a box that can contain a can , but actually it is a bag in it 
How come you simplified it to this level 
Anyway , I can invite you to see a movie , 
You did n’t see any movie recently ? 
I am rehearsing 
Rehearsing a show 
Then 
What show will you present , dear ? 
A skit , 
Hahahaha 
Dear 
You still have talent in comedies 
[ I was pulled out of my comfort zone | It ’s like driving a duck onto a frame ] 
Dear 
It ’s not interesting to work 
Who are you going to send the organization code certificate ? 
A colleague 
I just do n’t know how I sent it into the group 
Do n’t want to work do n’t want to work do n’t want to work 
The same for me . The system broke down again 
My violence tendency is getting worse recently 
I have very bad temper recently 
Really ? 
You get bored easily , right ? 
Actually , wo n’t everybody have the New Year ? 
True 
What happened this year ? 
Dear 
You are so joyous in such a morning 
I phoned you yesterday but you did n’t answer again 
I had an extremely chaotic mind when you called me yesterday 
I have been abnormal recently and I am going to be insane 
What happened to you again , dear 
Are n’t you alright 
Dear , I am under great pressure , ca n’t you see ? 
So 
I wanted to invite you to [ Wuhan Plaza | Wuguang ] yesterday 
But you did n’t answer my call 
I would have rushed there if only I knew you were going to [ Wuhan Plaza | Wuguang ] 
Right ? 
Alas 
How come you feel great pressure again ? 
Can I live without getting married ? I was asked everyday 
Alas 
This matter again ? 
The New Year is coming 
It will be so 
Things will be fine after this period 
Just because the New Year is approaching 
Then what should I do ? 
I saw a line on Weibo 
My parents were saying the guy from [ CCNU | Central China Normal University ] is good and asked me to bring him back during the New Year 
You ca n’t do that 
This is the business concerning your whole life 
Do n’t get dragged by your parents 
Can I get to know , find another one ? 
It is really difficult . How have you been recently ? 
Just OK 
Why not 
You definitely can find another 
I am just the same 
I am with Sasa every day 
We wanted to register on jiayuan.com when the spring comes 
Hahahaha 
Spring , why spring ? 
We can buy new clothes in the spring 
And get gorgeously dressed 
Now we are just like rice dumplings in winter clothes 
We do n’t want to move when it is cold 
Laziness 
Yes , you are cuter after you are with Sasa 
Now I dare not buy any clothes on my own 
Sasa said she did n’t have any spirit to dress herself 
So she dressed me up 
Look , what day ? 
There is still someone to =dress you up 
We are leading a miserable life 
If we do n’t make it fun 
We ca n’t survive 
Is n’t it ? 
Under the guidance of Sasa 
She also said I look much better than before 
So fortunate 
She implanted the concept into my mind that all men just like beautiful women 
Then concept of beautiful women ? 
Men just like beautiful women 
Really 
So it is 
In particular when you are in a blind date 
My sister said the same thing 
You must have both good appearance and cultivation 
But the good appearance is what people see first 
My sister said she is so old 
The Appearance Association 
But there are still people seeking her 
Not because she was born beautiful 
But because she dresses up well 
There are still people seeking 
Those who love to be beautiful are also hardworking 
Yep 
Exactly 
My sister clips her bangs every morning after getting up 
Sasa said women have to make investment when they are young 
It ’s useless saving money 
Youth lasts for only a few years 
Good 
My money =flew away 
I do n’t have money , no money , no money 
Where is your money 
Hahahaha 
We are all the same 
I have gas cost recently 
Yes 
How about invest yourself ? 
You go to meet a new guy 
My mom heard about him and said that he is actually [ an ordinary Joe | a guy who lives an industrial life ] 
What else ? 
He knows how to save from a younger age 
The only thing is that his family background is not so good 
So he actually is a guy that lives an industrial life 
Yes . My mom said that he wo n’t bear I spend money recklessly 
Then I consider when I am home 
Yes 
He is indeed a guy that lives an industrial life 
So he is not a good match for you for sure 
You wo n’t bear living like that 
Everytime I think of him , I fee sad 
So it makes sense to have a marriage between families of equal social rank 
In fact he is very nice to me 
But your view are so different 
How long can such nice last ? 
So it makes sense that your parents object 
Otherwise you will turn into someone who lives an industrial life 
Someone who saves very penny and calculate every cost 
Do n’t you think it is not the kind of life you want ? 
I guess I ca n’t do that , but who can do that ? 
You will find your man 
You have to believe it it 
[ Do n’t give up our hope | Do n’t put yourself on the death row first ] 
All right ? 
Hahaha 
I will drag you out for a walk and try some clothes on 
You will then know what fits you 
Every time I say when she takes me out to try on clothes , she is like walking a dog 
OK , I have n’t spent much recently . I am waiting for Sasa to [ give me her advice | point out the right way ] 
I was asked by my former colleague to get a SPA together 
Your expenditure is quit high recently 
Yes 
I have been in red for so long 
Darling 
=What are you busy with 
I just went to a rehearsal . I guess I will quit 
Do you rehears during work hours ? 
That is good 
More fun than doing work 
It is more fun than doing work , but our program was not good and the director flared up 
What ? 
What should you do ? 
We have to continue our research …… 
[ Go then | 7878 ] 
Darling 
Are you free this weekend ? 
Darling 
I am blue 
The promised year - end bonus seems to be gone 
=Damn it . It takes luck to get bonus 
It seems that no bonus before the New Year . It was said it depends post the New Year 
Then I do n’t know how it turns out 
Brother Diao , please help me download these two articles . Thank you , dear 
Send the PUBMED =link to my email 
Sometimes , QQ ca n’t receive it 
Dear , what is your email ? 
I =do n’t have your email . That ’s why I sent it to your QQ 
Dear , send =me your email 
The QQ email also works 
Oh , thank you , GG 
Have you sent it yet ? 
Dear , it ’s sent 
I just sent it 
You did n’t understand what I meant ... 
However , it ’s okay 
You need to send me the link 
Oh , got it 
Two links , in the future 
You do n’t need to do it this time 
Oh , okay . Should I send it again now ? 
Oh , okay , got it 
I sent it to your mailbox~~ 
Wow , that was fast 
O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O Thank you , Brother Diao 
[ expression ] You ’re welcome 
I ’m in the dormitory already . I ’ll check it =for you when I go to school tomorrow 
Wow , you even know that it was sent to your email 
Um , okay . It ’s okay if you download them for me when you =have time . Thank you , dear 
You ’re welcome 
I sent it to your email already 
OK , thank you Brother Diao 
Do you know how to post a =microblog for a group , but one that does n't show up in the other person 's " Sent to me " notifications ? 
This problem is very technical ... I do n't know ... I 've never tried it 
OK . But I 've seen your microblog posted for a group without being notified , and I actually thought you 'd set it up 
Er , I have n't posted a microblog for a group ... 
There is a picture of it , it must be the truth ~~ 
Eh ? How come I do n't know how to do this ... 
[ emoticon ] OK ~~ 
Really … I actually do n't know ! 
How should this thing be posted ? 
I do n't know how it turned out like that either ... Haha 
When you are posting a =microblog , just modify a bit with regard to publication 
Really sophisticated !!! 
I think it 's an extremely sophisticated thing to send a text message to a foreigner ! 
Well ... 
It looks like I 'm already sophisticated enough 
How has your search for a practical training position been going recently ? 
There is a career fair tomorrow~~ 
I think that in this business of sending text messages , you need to chat in a casual way about some very profound and complex content . It simply exceeds my brain capacity ... 
How come you have job recruitment every day ? 
I think finding work through contacts is still the way to go ... 
Really tiring ... 
Gosh 
Yes . It 's still very important if you can get a recommendation or whatever from a fellow student 
I feel sad whenever I think of it . I 'm going to stop studying and go home and till the soil ! 
Haha 
Go and become a landlord ~ 
No , no , no , I want to be a landlady ~~~~~ 
Gosh . I 'm really =sad as there are few companies that want international students 
Never mind . I 'll find one 
In any case , officially , major comes first , right ? 
More than 20 Chinese people ... 
Chinese people can all fight over it among themselves 
We have a stack of jobs in the White House -- and they are all for Americans 
I 'm going to plan a change of profession ... 
I think changing your nationality would be a better bet . Haha 
Change your nationality , and everything will be ok ! 
No way , no way , I ca n't do that 
Our motherland is really great . You can send text messages in Chinese ! 
Oh , well ! I 'll go and read the company 's material . ~ ~~~~(> _ <)~~~~ 
Go for it ~ 
Xiaoliang , how have you been recently ? 
I 've been OK recently . I 've just finished eating 
You 'll soon be on your vacation and celebrate the New Year , right ? 
I 'm going into the lab officially tomorrow to do an experiment 
And I will also look for an opportunity to practice English , hehe 
Go for it ! 
OK . I definitely will 
And I 'll step up my efforts to find a post-doc position ! 
What progress have you made ? 
I had a video chat with Zhu Ning yesterday 
Still contacting people , but it 's in Canada 
What 's up ? 
You have n't contacted anyone over here in the US ? 
He 's doing well 
He said you 'd contacted him 
His wife is pregnant =again , and is planning on having her second child 
It would n't be allowed in China 
Um , there is one in the US -- a national lab -- but I have n't heard anything yet 
Where ? 
Brave ! 
Definitely brave 
pNNL 
It seems to be in Washington =State 
What time is it now where you are ? 
It would be great if you could get into a national lab ! 
9:48 in the evening 
13 hours behind where you are 
Hmm 
It 's really annoying that the earth is round 
When I finish a meeting later , I 'll contact him and see what happens 
Where are you now ? 
At the workplace .
Oh 
A supplier has come over 
So little profit ? Then why are there so many 7 / 11 stores in Beijing ? 
There are 140 stores in Beijing .
Have you given up this project ? 
Unless I can find a very suitable location , the rent is very high everywhere 
And you must stay open 24 hours a day 
Sigh , starting one ’s own business is really hard nowadays 
Besides , you have to renovate the store every five years , and give them 350,000 RMB 
Then you really are working for 7 / 11 
You do n’t have your own right at all 
Right right , it ’s not very appropriate 
It ’s not a chance to make a fortune . It ’s just like working for them , and you earn 10,000 RMB per month 
This is really hard earned money 
It is , indeed 
Happy birthday ! 
Thank you , haha 
~ 
Haha , finally found me 
Did you see the group ? 
No 
I said something in the group , see if there is a response 
Have you bought the tickets ? 
Yes 
Hehe 
The company vacation will start on the 3rd , how happy ! 
Half a month of vacation 
When are you going to have vacation ? 
Which day have you bought the tickets for ? 
Vacation is given in strict accordance of the regulations 
But non-locals can sneak away 
On the 6th 
Hehe 
Does n't it mean arriving home on the 7th ? 
We can be home on the 6th 
It 's very fast to go back to Ji'an 
Oh 
It takes one hour to arrive there 
Are you spending the Chinese New Year in Shenzhen and not going out for fun ? 
I 'm going back home on the 30th 
Are n't you spending the Chinese New Year in Shenzhen ? 
Are you going back to Yongxin for the Chinese New Year ? 
Hehe , my dad wants me to go back 
In order to satisfy him , I can only on the 30th 
A dutiful son 
Hehe 
Is your whole family going back home ? 
My dad and mom will leave earlier on the 1st 
Only on the 30th ? 
The closer to the Chinese New Year , the more vehicles there are on the roads 
I 'm afraid of traffic jam 
How many days are you going to stay at home ? 
We 'll be leaving on the 3rd or 4th of the lunar year 
Is your whole family going back , right ? 
Yes 
On the 30th , my wife , child and I 
will start out early in the morning , hehe 
Seven hours ? 
Not really 
It 's still very convenient to drive back 
Yes 
Otherwise , it is also convenient to travel once you are home 
Not convenient 
I originally wanted to buy plane tickets for my parents ; they did n't like it and want to drive back home 
Really 
Does your dad drive back by himself as well ? 
Last year , it gave me a big scare 
Awesome 
Being able to drive back at such an advanced age 
He is pretty energetic , just having a bit high blood pressure , but it has much improved in the past half year 
That 's already quite awesome 
Is there basically nothing going on at the company now ? 
A few days ago , our company went to Dongguan Longfeng Estates for fun , and he also drove a car there 
Right 
The Chinese New Year is around the corner ; it 's time to take a break 
More than 20 people , and even 3 vehicles could not seat them all 
Hehe 
It ’s a job inside the school . I am hired by our college .
I more or less figured it out . I was just asking what you are responsible for doing 
Teaching Chinese . Our college has our own language institute that teaches languages of all countries 
Amazing .. 
It ’s free for students 
I venture to ask , what is the remuneration ? 
$ 20 an hour 
Haha , right ! 
I ’ll eat more good food 
I envy you 
What good food have you made recently ? 
I do n’t know what to make , now ... 
It ’s always the same few dishes 
I braised some beef brisket . I usually cut it up and then braise it 
Otherwise , I will stir fry some sliced meat 
You moved . Is your current roommate an American or a Chinese ? 
I did n’t move . I signed a new lease 
I ’ll only move in August 
I ’m living by myself 
One bedroom one bathroom 
Nice~~ 
Yes 
How much is the rent ? 
430 dollars including the Internet and the cable 
That ’s cheap 
It ’s a house with about 60 square meters 
What about the kitchen ? 
It has a kitchen and a living room , as well as two storages 
Life seems to be good 
Are you still a freshman this year ? 
Right 
I have been here for precisely half a year up until today 
I came here on July 29 , 2012 
[ expression ] You are quick learning the ropes . I wish you great achievements in your study soon 
I ’m ready to make dinner 
I have n’t decided what to eat yet 
Eat whatever you have 
I want to do some tricks 
What is Gee ? 
It ’s the same meaning as Jesus and OMG 
Well , what tricks do you want to do ? If you ’re not in Houston , where are you ? 
Is there a two hour time difference or one ? 
I am in College Station . Our Texas A & M University occupies the entire city 
So this city is called Texas University Town 
The school bus is the public transportation 
I see . I ’ll visit you there and have fun when I have time 
That is a must 
You can send SMS 
=Oh , great 
I have the number for Google Voice 
I seldom use the telephone instead . No one calls me 
Um , it ’s okay as long as I can call 
Not too many people know about this telephone number so not too many people call . I always leave it there and do n’t realize that the battery has run out 
Do you still have two numbers ? 
You can find me at this number if there is Internet , hehe 
I admire you 
Oh , oh 
So , ok 
Actually , Google Voice is the best in the United States . It can receive and send email and act as a telephone 
Quick , go cook 
Um , let me try 
We ’ll chat later 
Has the vacation started ? 
Not yet 
I 've got something to attend to 
I 'm busy 
Damn 
No 
Went and came back on the same day 
Oh 
I went to Dongying in the morning and just came back 
Did you Q me in the morning for something ? 
General Manager Liu 
Dropped 
Went to the planning bureau 
Yes 
Got something to attend to 
Are you still busy now ? 
I 'm now in Hekou District 
The Chinese New Year is here 
No one is busy now 
I went to the Dongying Municipal Planning Bureau to revise something 
What do you mean ? 
Hmm 
It 's our business department 
Eaten 
And you ? 
Not busy anymore 
Happy 
What 
There are quite a lot of =things at our department recently 
Busy with completion of construction and acceptance inspection 
Hmm 
Have you eaten your meal ? 
In a while 
Eaten 
How did you eat ? 
How did you eat , cooking by yourself ? 
Or my sister - in - law does the cooking ? 
Your life is pretty good 
OK 
You do your stuff first ! 
Are you there ? 
Busy ? 
I 'm here 
Quite OK 
Where are you ? 
Not busy 
In the office 
in Jinan ? 
Hekou 
When will the vacation start ? 
On the 26th on the lunar calendar 
Oh 
And you ? 
Your vacation is about to start , is n't it ? 
Not yet 
But there is n't anything to do anymore 
I 'm here , the boss wo n't let me leave 
Oh 
You ’ll drive Director Zhou ’s car . He will call you when he leaves 
OK 
The off - duty time ? 
He asks you to wait for him in the office 
OK 
!!! 
? 
Long time no see 
I even missed you 
How are you doing lately ? 
Hehe , it sounds a little bit nauseating , haha 
I 'm pretty good 
Thanks for your concern 
Married ? Pregnant ? 
Married 
I 'm so envious for seeing your baby 
Hehe 
Do n't you prepare for having a baby ? 
I prepare 
Of course I want a baby 
Hehe 
But this is not a thing about you paying the money and a bundle will come 
Right ? 
This also can not be done over one night ... 
I 'm too busy with my work 
I 'm considering if I need to change a job ... I 'm not willing to .. 
These are all excuses , it will be very fast if you want to have ... 
Have n't you taken part in an exam and got some kind of an establishment ? 
Hehe , I need to bear and rear better children 
What establishment ? 
When did I tell you ? 
You =have said it as I remember 
Have 
You were dreaming 
Since you mentioned it 
The reason why I contact you is because that I had a dream ... 
Hahahaha 
Have you seen Jing recently ? How is she doing ? 
I have n't seen her , but we made a lot of phone calls 
How is she doing ? 
Oh 
Is she still in the bank ? 
=Yes 
Oh 
Is she a Senior Sales Manager ? 
I do n't know 
We did n't talk about work through the phone 
I 'm the kind of person who does n't want to talk about work after work 
My heart is tired 
Oh 
Has she had it ? 
Has n't neither 
Hehe 
We are both pretty calm 
Tell me about you two , distressful 
You are bad ! 
Who says it 's distressful 
You always make the adults worried 
Are you an adult ? 
You do n't let me be free from worry at all 
Hum 
Are n't I big ? I 'm 1.93 meters tall and more than 200 catties in weight 
Ah ... big enough 
Big man , not thin at all 
My husband is also very fat 
Oh 
We are trying to lose weight recently 
My house almost turns into a gymnasium , we continuously bought quite a few body builders 
I 'm getting thinner , he 's getting fatter 
I estimate that you will quit soon after having a passion for a while 
You have a [ jinxing mouth | crow 's mouth ] 
It 's the truth 
Actually , whom I dreamed about is her 
It was rare that I can remember the dream clearly after I woke up 
Have to get it out of my chest , sorry 
If you want to ask , ask her directly is ok 
You have her Q 
What to ask ? What should I ask ? 
I just spoke it out , =I do n't have any question to ask 
Oh 
I mean you can care for her directly 
Woo hoo 
Oh .... beauties attract people 
Just no one cares about me ... [ picture ] 
Someone who is [ very distant | eight bamboo poles can not hit ] dreams about you ... do n't you think it 's creepy ? 
People who is [ close | can hit ] also does n't care about me 
Now everyone is busy with his or her work 
It looks like that no one cares for other people 
I feel this way 
It 's different after getting married , I [ do everything for the family | follow the family all around ] 
My husband will be unhappy if I 'm a little bit busy 
He will say that I 'm only busy with work 
Yes 
It 's true 
All are the same 
I 'm also a family type person 
I 'm painful once there is a dinner party of the company 
Yes , I hate official business dinner party the most 
My husband is also a family type person , he likes [ staying at home | house ] more than I do 
It 's not easy to find such a husband in these years 
Indeed 
Which company are you in ? 
Best Learning English 
Teaching English ? 
NO 
I do managing work 
Oh 
You are the principal 
I do that kind of work 
But it 's too tired 
It 's ok if you can earn money , being tired is ok 
But my wife does n't happy for it 
He 's also not happy , he said that how can we take care of the baby in the future 
We go to work late , the time we get home after work will be eight o'clock 
... 
Do you work at twelve o'clock ? 
10 o'clock 
Normally I 'm off work at half past six 
But usually I ca n't go 
It 's not bad then 
It 's ok before you having a baby 
I get home at eight o'clock , it will be nine o'clock after we having the meal 
The meal is ready when I get home , I never cook meals 
Besides , the whole family are waiting for me to have the meal 
Oh , they can just leave some for you 
I get home at nearly nine o'clock , they all do n't eat 
It 's a little bit ... for them all to wait for you 
I have told them , but parents - in - law did n't listen to it 
They also wait for me when I go back to my parents ' home 
Oh 
Both of us told them , it did n't work 
They insisted to wait 
Staggered time for being on and off duty , actually it 's very good 
To avoid morning and evening rush 
Yes , this is really good 
But old people 's health also needs to be considered 
It 's ok for us 
Old people have meals all according to the time 
Every time they wait for us to eat 
I really feel very apologetic about it 
Yes 
It will be apologetic for anyone 
You were tired when you originally ran a shop , now you work for others , why are you still so tired ? 
Are you born to be tired ? 
Right , I told my husband , why do I have a toil life 
I will get tired in whereever I go 
You should have found a rich second generation to feed you up 
To feed you fat 
Hehe , that wo n't work 
We discussed days before , after the Spring Festival holidays , I will ask for more days of leaving 
He agreed to it 
Then , I asked him what should I do at home ...... 
If I really have a rest , I even do n't know what I should do at home 
Counting money ... 
Hehe , I do n't have this habit 
The child ’s mother is also going to work ! [ Emoticon ] 
That ’s right 
I have already worked for half a month 
Your child is doing well , right ? How many catties is it now ? 
Already 16 catties 
It ’s quite good 
Have you told Sister Feng ? It snowed today , and it was very cold outside . My feet was frozen from walking to and back from [ Meizhou Dongpo Restaurant | Meizhou Dongpo ] 
Did you get my message ? 
I was in a meeting , just got back 
I got your message 
I told Sister Feng 
Shall we pick up Tutu together ? 
OK 
I ’m leaving now 
Shall I wait for you in my office ? 
OK 
Remember to order fruits for Tutu 
Kiwifruits or apples are fine . Just buy whatever is suitable .
Placing the order now 
OK , my obedient darling 
The kiwifruits are from Italy 
27 pieces for 298 yuan 
More expensive than the last time 
We could consider it , but let ’s look at the rest too 
Fragrant Pears ? 
Fine 
8 catties , 88 pieces 
88 yuan 
Shall we buy something else to go with it ? 
We ca n't eat pears every day 
They are all in crates 
Let ’s buy apples again 
Domestically produced Red Fuji apples 
OK . How much ? 
88 , 98 , 108 , 118 , and 138 
There are a range of several prices 
118 , or 138 
Let ’s buy this one 
We can also eat some 
OK 
For home delivery 
We must pay 52 yuan 
Turns out that there 's not enough money in my account 
It was free of charge the last time 
We will collect it by ourselves 
There is no delivery charge 
What ’s up with the 52 yuan ? 
There is 154 yuan in my account , but this time the amount is 206 
So I have to pay in cash 
Got it 
The order has been placed 
[ Honey | Wife ] , is it all right if I discussed something with you ? 
OK 
I want to go to the South Pole this year , and I 'd like you to join me . It ’d be better if you can go . But if you can not go , is it all right if I went by myself ? 
Hoho , thanks for the invitation , I shall think about it 
By the way , you may also suggest a place you ’d like to visit . If you invite me along , that will be even better . But it 's OK if you want to go there on your own 
This also requires some thinking 
Are you thinking if you should go with me ? Or are you thinking if you should allow me to go on my own ? 
I ’m thinking about where to go 
Did you receive my text message ? 
Is it all right to write it like that ? 
I just read it . It ’s fine 
In that case I 'll send it as is 
Add one more sentence 
When there is a demand , we will contact her 
What is Sister Feng 's telephone number ? 
I saved it . Do n't bother 
Just now I asked her to bring me a pair of flat shoes . The road is unusually slippery today 
Have you given it ? How is it ? 
Lü was there , and simply would n't accept it 
I said that it was n’t only for her , and there are other teachers too 
She said I should give it to other teachers then , and that =she did n't want it 
Why ? 
She declined it repeatedly , but I still left it for her . She said this is the last time , and I should not give it to her again .
She was alone ? 
She said we as members of the Parents Committee have been =very cooperative with her and done a lot of work , so she should give us gifts to thank us 
Lin was there 
That makes sense 
She said thank you to us 
Perhaps it was indeed the last time . She probably wo n't teach the middle class 
I said that was voluntary , and we are willing to do these things as well 
Yeah 
It 's possible 
Actually I hope the teachers wo n't be changed 
Yeah 
Lin will leave in February 
Yeah , so I said today that Teacher Lin would no longer be here after the Spring Festival and we also thanked her for looking after Tutu during the past few months 
The books have arrived 
Are there any deposits into your Minsheng account ? 
How does it compare with last year ? 
This time I took four days ’ leave 
Last year , none 
I ca n't remember last year ’s 
Let me check 
Our system [ crashed | became paralyzed ] . Too many users logged on [ Emoticon ] 
[ Honey | Wife ] , I will work hard to give you and Tutu a stable life 
Hoho . I ’m deeply moved . It is good enough that you feel this way . Health is important 
Last year , it was 61,663.57 
This year , 64,349.29 
There is some progress 
There might be a little more next year 
Mine is not known yet 
Hoho , there wo n’t be any if I take leave 
It should not be too bad 
When you should take leave , you must take it 
Yeah 
Are you going home to eat tonight ? 
Yeah , I suppose so 
I am super busy today 
You need to come over and carry the books in the evening 
They are so heavy ? 
What are the books like ? 
I have n’t taken a look yet 
These are some of the books which I gave them 
I wonder if it ’s all right ? 
A big box 
It ’s the first time that I ’m giving books to people 
It will be terrible if I bought lousy ones 
Why do n’t you unpack them to have a look ? 
I am actually pretty curious 
Only a little more than 120 yuan , and it was such a big box ? 
I opened it . Not bad 
That book with Winnie the Pooh , the words are a bit too many =and narrowly spaced 
And 
Oh 
You have taken a fancy to Samsung Note 3 with a super-large screen , right ? 
Samsung sells a Note 3 model ? 
I did n't know that 
I do n't want one with such a large screen 
My hands are small [ Emoticon ] 
Did your classmate in Hangzhou receive it yet ? 
He did 
It was very slow this time 
It took four weeks .
Yes 
There are still three that have =no news 
It ’s been over a month 
... 
They were sent from Boston and NY 
Anyway , if they are not lost , they will arrive eventually 
At any rate , I sent them 
As for whether they arrive or not , it ’s out of my control , hehe 
You are heartless 
Before you go back , check the water , electricity , and gas ; and pay attention to safety 
May you have a Happy New Year 
OK , no problem . We check the water , electricity , and gas every day .
By the way , where can I check that water meter ? I got a slip yesterday asking me to pay the water bill , but I 've forgotten where the water meter is 
OK 
Underneath the sink where you wash the vegetables 
It 's not written on that slip how much money we owe 
Oh , I see now ! 
If you open the cupboard door below , you 'll be able to see it 
OK 
What time is it in America now ? 
Is it the evening ? 
Half past 7 in the evening 
If anything crops up , leave me a message 
So early , hehe 
OK 
I 'm going to play basketball - let 's chat another time 
13 hours behind Harbin 
OK , all the best 
Brother Han 
Hmm 
Little Brother 
Elder Brother 
OK 
Not here 
I 've got something to ask you 
Just this one thing ? 
In Dongying ? 
No 
Oh 
Is General Manager Yue in Dongying this week ? 
Oh 
Go to do whatever should be done 
Thanks 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
I 'm going up with Chen Panpan to get the lanterns 
Is that convenient to you ? 
I 'll ask Director Zhang 
Come up -- he 's in 
The people below us have all got them . The two of us were n't at work that day and did n't get them 
In that case , I do n't know 
I 'll ask 
Director Zhang 
We already have the ones for you two 
Hello 
You ’re not sleeping 
.... 
Hello 
It suddenly occurred to me that I have n’t logged on for a long time 
What are you doing ? 
I ’m just surfing online casually 
Did you have hot pot today ? 
That ’s right ... 
How come you are so well - informed .. 
Mousi !!! 
Well , you did n’t invite me to your activity 
You ’re so not cool 
............ 
One , because you are a guy . Today ’s activity was mainly for girls . Second , you had a beautiful lady to accompany you . How could I disturb you ... 
Who is jc ? 
I did n’t have any beautiful lady 
I bumped into Wenjun and Mengjia when I went grocery shopping today 
They told me 
Er ... 
That ’s right 
That ’s why we gossiped about you two for a little while 
I went 
What did you say ? 
.... It was n’t me who said it 
They were having a small discussion in the car about why Cindy went grocery shopping with you ... 
Haha , and then ... we figured out .. 
All right 
It ’s okay that you know about it 
I bought Cindy flowers today 
Eh 
What for ? 
Not anything in particular 
I just bought them for her 
There was no particular reason 
........ 
What kind of flowers ? 
How many ? 
They all have meanings 
A lot . There were roses , carnations , and what not 
The name seems to be sweetheart 
Oh , are you kidding me ? 
It ’s such a mixture .... 
Haha , you are too romantic 
It was this combination . I did n’t know either 
Is this romantic ? 
One time at the airport , his friends bought them and made him give them to me 
He said that he ’d rather buy food than flowers ... 
I actually thought that I did n’t do well in giving her flowers this time . It was too much of a mixture . I am inexperienced 
I ’ll buy all roses next time 
.... No problem . It was your first time 
Faint ... 
Do n’t buy flowers often either 
It ’s because the expectation of the girl will get higher and higher 
Show concern for her in her life instead 
I ’ve learned 
.... 
Hehe . In fact , flowers and romance are all in the movies 
Flowers are indeed very expensive 
I might as well buy food 
Did Mousi go today ? 
She did 
I see 
That ’s right . If you truly like her , then understand her and support her in her life or in areas that she needs 
All right 
.. What are you doing this weekend ? 
Right , how did you do in the examination ? 
It was all right 
I should be able to pass 
The result will probably come out by next Wednesday 
Oh , we ’ll know by then 
Teacher Zhou , I have n't been on the Internet since I came back home 
Little Zhai took a photo of it for me . Unfortunately , it was taken with the bigger head facing down 
I 'm sending it to you 
OK 
Pretty ? 
Yea 
What ? 
Have n't played in a long time . I just got on and took a look . How could Zhonghua and Yaoyue start fighting ? 
I do n't know the specifics 
Are you following this situation ? 
I 'm baffled .
Just asking 
I do n't want to think about that , when I have nothing to do I just join in the action 
Rush to change cards after passing 100 
Did n't my account pass 100 today ? I got on and looked then got off ... really strange .
A lot can pass 100 not 
I 'm not playing anymore ... if they help me play again , let them go fool around with it .
I thought you were playing 
After a few days someone else was playing the account 
I 'm not playing . Otherwise I could pass 100 a long time ago .
Play again after New Year 's 
Your battle power is much too low 
Yea . The person playing on my account does n't put money in it . [ expression ] 
I do n't know how to any more .
Who puts money in other people 's accounts for no reason ? 
Two years .
It 's been 1 and a half years since I sold my account 
You sold your account ? 
What price did you sell it for ? 
Yea . Sold it long ago .
How come I ca n't sell my account ? 
I sold mine early .
Now there probably are n't many people playing .
They are all a bunch of accounts held by one person 
Those who are playing now are all gathered together 
You 're getting ready to fight the State of Qi , right ? 
Yea . I do n't know why .
My account was assassinated during a meeting .
Opened back 
Who cares why , once fighting begins just fight 
Zhonghua and Yaoyue are fighting 
Watching the scene 
We are just helping 
Helping Zhonghua ? 
Yea 
The empire is helping over by Yaoyue , right ? 
An even stronger Zhonghua could n't beat an alliance 
Fight whoever helps out 
A few little tramps have come from the State of Yan now 
Yea . It seems like the empire ca n't beat Longteng 
Longteng 's no good , the group gathered now at the assassination is stronger now 
Oh , go with them then .
I 'm just asking . Curious [ expression ] 
I actually do n't know what 's going on 
You go play . I 'm going to go have a look . See if Zhonghua is still there . I 'll ask him 
I 'm on pretty good terms with Zhonghua 
They asked me to go fight the State of Qi , and I went 
Oh , go play 
Zhonghua has always been opposed to me 
Fought for so long 
Still cooperating now 
The people of Zhonghua are n't bad .
It 's just a problem of standpoint 
I do n't understand 
I fought Zhonghua a lot 
It 's just a game , it does n't involve character 
When I just started playing , I was playing a month before Zhonghua , and I beat him every day .
Later I slowly got to know him . I understood him .
They all grew up under pressure 
I feel he 's a good person . We chatted 
Zhonghua was beaten out by the group Old Chu and Suoxin 
Provoked 
Who knows whether this is real 
Yea . You go play , I 'm getting off , I 'm tired of playing this game 
Yea 
Are you off for the Chinese New Year yet ? 
Not yet 
We ’ll be =off the day after 
Off 
Are you going to be off ? 
Eh , you are going home ! 
We just started school a month ago 
Ah ha 
... 
Is Lushun cold now ? 
You are off for Christmas , are n’t you ? 
It ’s quite cold 
But it ’s still okay 
It ’s only less than minus 20 at the coldest 
That ’s right ! We ’re off between Christmas and the New Year 
How long are you going home for ? 
It ’s only a few days 
It takes five hours to fly 
So are we . It has been snowing heavily for the past few days ! 
Eh , the distance between Wuhan and Urumqi 
... 
Are the domestic air tickets expensive ? 
It is 
Rather expensive 
Mainly because Kunming that place is fooling me 
The fares to tourist cities are a lot more expensive than the general ones 
I checked it last time . A return ticket from Beijing to Urumqi cost 2,400 . There was not much difference from the fares of the US flights here 
Yes ! Haha , many people tour your hometown 
Was it full fare ? 
Round trip ? 
I thought so ... I forgot whether it was one way or return .. 
It costs 1,500 from Dalian to Kunming after a 30 percent off 
Eh , that is very expensive as well 
However , that ’s the fastest , right ? 
Um , it ’s about the same 
How long are you staying home for ? 
I checked . It was 2,400 one - way . It ’s too deceiving ... 
For 10 days .
Eh , then you need to return to work around the third day of the Lunar New Year 
No 
The sixth day of the Lunar New Year 
Oh ! It ’s much better than me ! 
I miss home more as the Chinese New Year gets closer 
Yes 
I miss home , too 
Come back soon . I ’m waiting to hang out with you 
Haha 
Great ! 
I ’ll be your secretary in the future , how about that ? 
Do n’t 
My typing speed is very fast 
It ’s okay for me to run errands for you 
Faint , haha 
Right . Are you the only child in your family ? 
Hehe 
Ah ha 
Then if you go home , the three of you will have a reunion 
That ’s why my parents worry about me 
Yes 
They look forward to these few days all year long 
Yes . Do they want you to go back to close to your hometown to work ? 
That ’s right ! Definitely ! 
They do 
Or , or you want to advance your career in the East in the future ? 
I still have n’t found the entry point into the East yet 
Do you like your current environment then ? 
It ’s okay 
Both the weather and the environment in Dalian are not bad 
It ’s much better than Wuhan 
Right ! That ’s true 
Your complexion will become paler and paler ... 
..... 
Is my complexion pale ? 
It is to begin with 
That ’s right . The skin looks good 
It ’s all rough from working now 
Oh ... No way ... 
It ’s true [ expression ] 
You need to take good care of it 
(( What ? )) 
Yes , right 
(( Goodnight )) 
Sure 
All right 
Rest well during the weekend 
Okay 
How has your experiment been lately ? 
It ’s okay . It ’s almost the Chinese New Year . I ’m going home on the 5th 
How are you over there ? 
It ’s very good here . Only that I have n’t been in touch with you for a long time 
Just checking on you 
Then enjoy the Spring Festival first .
Hehe 
Um , I always feel that I do n’t have a lot of results in this half a year though 
Are you coming back during the Spring Festival ? 
All the topics launching now are new ones so there will be huge difficulties . You need to step up the efforts 
I ’ll come back next year 
Oh , there should be activities for the Spring Festival over there , right ? Are there many Chinese ? 
Even if you encounter difficulties in the experiment , still try your best to read some literature and write the overview in passing 
Yes 
It ’s okay here 
You need to practice with the teacher more if you have difficulties or ideas 
Contact 
Teacher Yan has too many students now and none of the backbones are there . You need to rely on yourself and step up the effort 
Um , at any rate , I am basically familiar with all the things tested here 
That ’s right . Anyhow , you ask it yourself 
That ’s good then .
I feel that I have n’t done anything for the research group . I hope that you will work hard 
Do n’t say that . You ’ve contributed the most here 
I still need to learn from you in the future 
That ’s not true . I have n’t helped you latecomers build up a strong foundation 
Um , but then there was training at the hospital laboratory later 
We still need you to continue to develop the platform to maturity for the new topics now 
Um , I am proficient in my ACL reconstruction model already and have finished with half of the animal testing 
It will be convenient for Wang Wei to do it in the future 
Yes , right . That ’s good . You must have taken a lot of trouble about it 
I think that the research team is like this . We can learn from each other and pass it down 
Did you attend the Chinese New Year ’s Eve dinner of the Orthopedics ? 
The department =answered the appeal of the state this year . Seemingly , it had been canceled 
New leaders took over and advocated frugality in celebrating the Chinese New Year , hehe 
Is that real ? 
... 
Oh , that will be all right , too . In fact , it was the equipment suppliers who paid for it in the passed years 
However , Teacher Yan said that he will treat us to dinner after the Chinese New Year 
Oh , I see 
Um , the boss will give some labor cost 
It happens every year 
Um , we have it this year as well 
Each person has 1,500 
Our boss is all right 
Hehe 
Yes , he is very good 
Other instructors do n’t do that 
Um , yes , go home and celebrate the Chinese New Year properly first 
I ’ll go take a bath first 
Um , okay 
If you have any literature that you ca n’t download , remember to send it to my email 
Okay 
You can send me an email if you have other questions 
Happy Spring Festival 
Definitely 
Younger brother , are you online ? 
Yes 
Today is the day before New Year 's Eve . How are you guys celebrating ? 
I went to the supermarket today to buy stuff 
Zhou Shang is doing quite good , he 's sleeping 
You guys are not having holiday yet , are you ? 
No 
What New Year goods did you buy ? 
I have n't bought any yet 
Is it cold in Changtu these few days ? 
Are you guys wrapping dumplings ? 
We 'll do it in a while 
We 're not eating dumplings 
It 's not cold . The snow started to melt two days ago , and it 's a bit colder today 
Have you taken pictures ? 
I bought some dumpling fillings today , and will wrap them on Chinese New Year 
No , in a few days , I think 
Take a few and send them over 
OK 
What fillings did you buy ? 
Are you at home ? 
I bought a bit of pork filling 
and want to make celery filling 
I also bought some beef 
At my work unit , a statement was n't done yet , I just completed it 
Busy recently ? 
I 'm doing OK , and will be free after this .
Is Mom wrapping dumplings at home ? 
What =time is it in your place ? 
Yes 
10:23 p.m. 
What filling ? 
Pickled Chinese cabbage 
Pickled Chinese cabbage she pickled this year ? 
I 'm logging off , going back to help mom wrap dumplings , took it from home last time / .
Oh 
OK , I 'll find some pictures tomorrow and send them to you 
Elder brother , I took a few pictures at home today 
The weather here is not so good recently . When it is sunny , we 'll take a few =more outside 
Sent ? 
Send over what you took 
Send to your Qzone 
Sent 
They are not there 
Just sent ? 
Sent to my Qzone ? 
In my Qzone 
You go in and download 
They are not there 
Still nothing 
Inside the album in my Qzone , you take a look 
Nothing 
I sent them 
Let me send them to you directly then 
This is a bit slow 
It is slow 
Can you enter my Qzone ? 
Did you do something wrong when you sent it to Qzone ? 
I sent them 
I can go in , but there is nothing in the album ... , 
Let me see 
This one is quite fast , send a few more 
Why is Zhou Shang not happy at all ? 
He will be in a while 
Quite spacious 
I will show mom in a minute 
OK 
How many are there ? Send all of them over 
Only these , there are still a few more being sent to you 
When the weather is fine again in a few days , we 'll go out and take some pictures 
Any outdoor pictures ? 
If yes , send them over too 
No outdoor pictures , I will take some another day 
No more ? 
One more , Zhou Shang is sleeping 
Send it over , so I can print them 
This one is a bit slow 
Is there still influenza in your place ? 
Everything 's fine now 
Good 
I do n't think the people here were affected 
During that period , there were quite a lot reports on television in China 
Have you sent that picture ? 
When we just came , there was a warning inside the airport 
But it was just a tiny sign 
Right away 
No more ? 
No more 
In that case , I 'll log off 
OK 
Check you 've received it , Sister Cheng 
I 'm going offline . Sister Cheng , if anything crops up , hit me up on WeChat ~~ 
OK 
What are you doing today ? 
I hardly see you online on the computer 
I called you , but there is still no one there to take my call right now 
You got up so early , what have you done ? 
Did you go window - shopping today ? 
Oh 
What else did you buy ? 
Oh , pants , what style ? 
Oh , if you match the colors like that , it will look great 
I also wear them like that , but I have to wear high heels 
Did you buy your shoes ? 
How come you did n't buy them ? 
Oh , did you take the little children along to the shops with you ? 
Oh 
Has n't your Mom bought any ? 
They 've also got that suit in another color 
Um , and they 've even got that pink one 
What sort did your Mom buy ? 
Oh , haha 
One by Shengyuzhu 
Wearing Shengyuzhu really suits your Mom 
A springtime style ? 
It 's a little too cold right now for us to wear that suit 
I 'll wear it =some day when I drive away on a trip , haha 
And wear a down - filled coat over it , haha 
Have you bought a genuine - brand western - style suit ? 
Is there any reason why you have to buy it ? 
That one looks really nice on you as well 
Oh , you must buy it before the New Year 
They wo n't deliver it after the New Year , just in case it 's out of stock 
Do as I say 
Oh , really efficient ! 
What play ? 
Oh , I do n't understand it 
Have you eaten Coca Cola chicken wings ? 
=Nope 
They are not made yet ? 
Oh , let your Dad make them 
They are done 
I 'm going to eat 
Hmm 
Go and eat 
You are free again , dear 
My heart is flying [ emotion ] 
What do you want to do by showing such a sentimental emotion ? 
Just missing you 
Oh 
Haha 
Woman , am I too naïve ? 
Let it be 
I have be accustomed to that 
I think I got to change 
Or I will not be suitable for the society 
You have worked for two years , dear 
You should have got used to it 
I used to be in a very simple environment 
This company is so deceptive 
That ’s because you think so 
Sometimes I feel disgusted staying here 
I also felt a simple environment the very moment when I got into our bureau 
But problems emerged after I stayed long 
Alas~ 
I do n’t know how to learn that 
Then you must learn 
Otherwise you wo n’t survive 
You got to be good at flattering 
Be [ capricious | like a human and a ghost ] 
Too funny 
You got to be good at speaking 
I thought about it for two days 
Dear 
Very bad feeling 
You do n’t need to learn to flatter 
You got to learn to speak well 
This is really important 
How to learn 
I am totally ignorant 
Silly 
Look at others around you 
You show it to me 
I am not good for it either 
I still need to practice 
Say less if you are not good at speaking 
Alas 
It will not do to speak less 
Our supervisor does n’t like inhibited persons 
This 
Does n’t matter 
Woo woo 
What ’s wrong again , dear ? 
He was always say some people must change their character 
OK 
I always felt he was mentioning me 
Do n’t take it personally , OK ? Dear 
I do n’t want to say 
But I really do n’t like talking in front of the supervisor 
I do n’t know how to flatter 
It does n’t matter 
It will be just OK if you know how to work 
Do n’t change yourself according to the supervisor ’s will 
Maybe there will be another supervisor someday 
I do n’t think this is likely 
One came in the 90 ’s 
The other came in ’ 07 
Oh 
This 
I do n’t think they are likely to leave~ 
I still quarreled with that woman on Friday 
OK 
Always bullying the weak and fearing the strong .
Very depressed 
Woman~ Show me how to do it 
People are all like this 
Then you should be stronger 
I just think I am very silly 
Alas , dear 
You would be lovely in this way 
Damn it lovely 
This will not work in the workplace 
OK 
I am going to leave , dear 
It seems so 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Woman ... 
Little girl 
Little girl 
The price of the ticket from Wuhan to Chongqing has decreased 
Woo woo woo woo 
That ca n’t be true 
So frustrating 
Maybe because of pm2.5 
Yes 
285 cheaper 
But the returning ticket has increased much 
It is now 1780+ 180 at this moment 
Just forget about it 
This can change 
Yeah 
We just dare not wait to reserve it now 
This is risky 
Wookaka 
We should think about how to protect us from the poisonous gas 
Gauze mask 
Do n’t get ill after going there 
No 
There are still two days 
Do n’t think it as too dangerous 
Actually Wuhan was not better than that place a few days ago 
Alas ! 
After all Shenzhen is a good place 
Woolala 
So artificial precipitation was used 
Haha 
Woman 
Hey 
I am going for lunch 
So fast 
I still have 20 minutes 
Woman 
I am sleepy 
There is still one day before the holiday 
Ahahahah 
I still have three days 
Woolala 
I will be home the day after tomorrow 
Woolala 
Very cool 
Hng 
I wo n’t play with you 
You the =people enjoying the holiday in advance 
All of us had three days of the annual leave rearranged 
It ’s not like what you thought 
We are still having the holiday according to the law 
Things are just the same whether we have the annual leave or not 
We ca n’t have a rest when there is much work 
I still 
You are in the governmental unit , it ’s different 
Work is torturous for me here 
I am also tortured 
I have n’t got my year - end bonus yet 
Oops 
How much is that ? 
I have n’t ever got a penny 
I do n’t know how much is that either 
It was said to be 3000 
Wow wow 
What about yours ? 
I still do n’t know if I will get any 
I am not doing well here 
Miserable 
Probably you will have double pay 
Shit 
No ? 
This is not basic 
Economy is not good this year 
This will not be paid until April 
Alas 
Ay 
We do n’t have that either 
We are depressed every day 
Ah 
The company is not doing well 
The opening red envelope which were supposed to have 100 yuan is going to have 20 only 
=Poor little girl 
Frustrating , is n’t it ? 
I got to find a way out 
Find 
I got to learn to grow up 
I can find it when I get the promised year - end bonus 
Yeah 
Wait until the economic conditions are better 
Our company is doing with the 20 years ’ anniversary 
This killed this year ’s annual meeting 
Alas 
It was said that this will be held in combination with the 20 years ’ anniversary in the next year 
So cruel 
There will be no annual meeting in the next year 
Frustrating 
Anyhow after Xi Jinping came into power 
Civil servants have been leading a harder life 
Nobody will have the year - end dinner ? 
It is cancelled in every company 
Really ? 
True 
Our bureau has returned 10 tables 
No body dare eat that 
Did n’t they say this is just formalism ? 
This is serious 
I still 
So cruel 
Nobody dare give the money 
This will begin again after this tide 
Then I do n’t know 
But there is absolutely nothing in the ordinary times 
We just expect something when the New Year comes 
Oh 
Your bureau is not doing well 
Some are just the same 
Yeah 
I want to quit too 
Just quit 
Someone said~ Xi Jinping is just a new broom that sweeps clean 
That ’s true 
Hehe 
Best you pass the exam and come to Shenzhen [ emotion ] 
I am not wanted in Guangdong this year 
Then the next year 
Provincial exam 
Lots of opportunities 
Then I have to go there , darling 
So it is 
Then you stay in Wuhan 
Anyhow there is High Speed Railway 
It is also close [ emotion ] 
I want to be back 
I will have beefsteak today 
Wow 
You cook by yourself ? 
Nope 
I have it outside 
But Lingling cooked it 
How ’s Lingling recently ? 
Just the same 
His mom came yesterday 
It is the first year , they spend this New Year in their new home 
Well 
Then you give your mom some advice after you get home yesterday or the day after yesterday 
Well 
I will talk patiently after getting home 
Are you going to leave office ? 
15 minutes later 
Yes 
Are n’t you busy ? 
I do n’t want to do 
I want to rest 
Play for a while 
Hehe 
I will go home the day after yesterday 
[ I envy you | Jealous , envy and hate ] 
I do n’t want to work at all tomorrow 
I do n’t want to work much earlier before 
Then ... 
What should I do on my way home 
It is tedious to be alone 
Are you going to have beefsteak with Lingling this evening ? 
Or just alone 
Yes 
Go together 
We are going to part [ emotion ] 
Why are you always sending this emotion ? 
Just for fun 
A big picture costs a lot of traffic 
Haha 
I am leaving office 
Dear 
Another five minutes 
I will go to the toilet , clean up my bag and shut down the computer 
I still 
Really active 
Lalala 
I am leaving 
The last day 
Hng 
Woolala 
There were only five passengers on today ’s morning shuttle 
There were also very few people on the light rail I was on 
Woolala 
I just ca n’t bear it 
Me too 
I wanted to escape in the afternoon to get the certificate for you 
Good 
Heart flying 
Woman 
Say 
I am feeling tedious 
You do n’t work hard 
I am not in the mood 
My heart flew away 
Boring 
It is quite difficult to get a leave application approved recently 
There is not much work to do~ People have left 
What happened 
Why 
Because the Idleness Governance officials are quite strict 
Oh 
Then you just ca n’t go out 
What about the period after the New Year 
What do you mean when you said I ca n’t go out ? 
Did n’t you want to get out in the afternoon ? 
I have told my supervisor about it 
What kind of leave did you ask for ? 
I just said I wanted to applied for a certificate for my classmate 
Then you will you ask for ? 
Do n’t you want to work ? [ emotion ] 
Besides , I will be still in Chengdu on the 7th of the lunar calendar 
Ca n’t you apply for this ? 
One day ... or for the New Year ... 
I do n’t know how to way this 
Yes 
You say your family went traveling during the New Year .. and could n’t get the ticket 
You just got the ticket for the 7th 
Everybody knows that I will be out with my classmate , ok ? 
[ Miraculous | Sweat ] 
How can you be in such a high profile ? [ emotion ] 
This will be known sooner or later 
Then you can only tell the truth 
You say there was no ticket 
So troublesome 
Do n’t get annoyed 
It ’s going to be the New Year 
OK 
Are you going home tomorrow already ? 
Yes , I ’m going home tomorrow . I ’m organizing the last orders today .. 
When do you begin working after the Chinese New Year ? 
I start working on the 8th day of the Lunar New Year 
How does it look over there ? 
It ’s all right . I ’ve been quite busy lately 
At any rate , the Chinatown is a little more lively during the Spring Festival here . We still go to work as usual 
Father ’s asthma has gotten a little better lately . The oxygen machine has some effects 
Oxygen therapy is the most basic . I hope that he can stick to it . There is no good medication either 
... I updated the qq version and as a result , when I logged on , there was immediately a string of English 
I found a familiar one and it was you . When I looked at it carefully again , it was your number ...... 
What about my number .. 
The new qq version automatically logged on to your number 
Oh no 
Did I save the password ? 
Did you save the password last time you logged on ? 
If I did n’t , how could you log on ... 
I was wondering as well 
I ’m dumbfounded 
Just delete my number 
I did , or else it would automatically jump to your number 
Okay . Resigned 
Do n’t worry . You do n’t have any secrets , do you ? 
No 
Besides , it was all English . I did n’t understand it either [ expression ] 
That was grouping 
Grouping based on Horoscope 
I only knew Sujia 
Depressed . That ’s the alternate account 
There is nobody in the alternate account 
I thought it was a matter of the new version in the beginning . There was no Chinese localization 
Hahaha 
I later found that other than you , there was no other good friends whom I know . Only then did I react 
Hahaha 
It ’s fine as long as you deleted it 
=Yes , it was deleted 
Did your mother not know that you and your sister played together last time ? 
She called me and asked me why you still did n’t go home ... I told her that I left first 
And that you were with your sister . Your mother wanted your sister ’s phone number ... I was speechless 
I know 
However , I did n’t give her my sister ’s . I gave her yours 
Anyhow , your mother was anxious 
I know . She was waiting for me to go out for dinner 
=Um , Zhang Xun is back . I butchered him for a day =for you 
Good job ! 
Is n’t it the classmates ’ gathering on the 6th ? 
Zhu Qi told me about it on purpose .. 
I gained weight from eating . I still need to lose weight 
=Okay , =yes . I know it ’s the 6th 
I ca n’t go 
You ca n’t go either 
Who all are going ? 
I do n’t know . There should be many . I work night shift . Besides , I ’ve seen all those whom I have to see 
That ’s right . I only see a few every time I come back 
Xu Qing ? 
Has she graduated ? 
=Yes 
Oh , oh , did she return home ? 
No , she did n’t 
=Um , that ’s right 
Did she not begin school ? ???? 
No , she did n’t 
[ Oh │ Aima ] 
They are different from you . My younger brother only comes back on the 2nd 
Envy - jealous - hate 
Liu Nian graduated 
Did he return home ? 
I believe that the people who go to the gatherings do n’t see as many people as I have , hehe 
=Yes , he is working in Shanghai 
Not bad 
I think I ’ll stay in Tianjin .
It will be convenient for you to come visit me in the future 
Hahaha 
Tianjin ? 
Yes 
How can it be convenient for me to visit you =in Tianjin ? 
Do n’t you know Tianjin well .. 
The problem is , why do I go to Tianjin ... to visit you ? 
When we go play ...... 
Suit yourself = = 
.... We ’ll talk about it later 
Go to bed earlier 
It ’s late at night 
In any case , Tianjin still has good friends 
That ’s right 
No worries . It ’s night shift . I can have a showdown with you =until dawn 
... 
Tianjin is not bad . The atmosphere is good 
People are also amusing 
Um , only that the environment is poor 
It ’s okay as long as you do n’t go to Hangzhou 
Tianjin is the best 
Uh-huh= = 
It ’s snowing once I looked up ... 
Put on more clothes . Do n’t get cold 
This is my first night shift and it ’s snowing .. I ca n’t live anymore 
It ’s all right to hide in the little house . Just go out to look once in a while 
Look at the stars and the moon 
=Yes , we have those here 
The lights are too bright at home and I ca n’t see them clearly . Once the power goes out here , they are everywhere in the sky 
[ Oh │ Aima ] 
> [ Oh │ Aima ] 
I went to Laochufang for dinner with my mother the day before I left 
I even bumped into Feng Nan 
Was he having dinner ? 
He just told me 
He said that he might have seen me 
... 
Did you recognize him ? 
I did n’t 
There were many people . You probably do n’t know them 
I took Yuyang to see Ni Lei . He did n’t recognize him either 
I saw Feng Nanchao 
You forgot 
On your birthday 
Oh , that ’s right 
This is normal . I went to the movie with Xiu . She later said that her ex-boyfriend saw us 
= = 
For those who were in our class , I have n’t seen Shuting 
Neither have I 
For the guys , I have n’t seen Ge Rui . I ’ve more or less seen the others after graduation 
Then you saw a lot of them 
Let ’s stop talking for now 
I have to do my assignment 
I have class in the afternoon 
Zheng Lin had disappeared without a trace 
=Um , go then 
Poke ... have you received my postcard ? 
=Not yet ... 
I just checked the mailbox today ... 
So slow ... 
US post is inefficient 
(( The one from floating around in Thailand arrived in 11 days )) 
I 'll check more often these two days , maybe it is pressed down at the bottom of a heap ... 
Where did you buy the postcard ? I want to buy , too ... ca n't get any ... 
Maybe your postal service there is not good ... 
It seems quite fast getting things over here 
They are =sold everywhere in New York 
Maybe it is because I have a lot of stuff recently and it could be stuffed somewhere . Let me search again 
I bought the Buffalo one at cvs 
But there is none in Philadelphia ... 
CVS is selling it ? ! 
The one here is 
There is actually none in the school bookstore !! 
Also none in the usps offices !! 
Is it still a postal service ? !! 
Haha 
We can only buy greeting cards at our CVS 
The school bookstore sucks !!! The school is clearly not ugly , yet it turned out so ugly in the pictures !!! 
The Buffalo one looks also ordinary 
Definitely better than ours . I 'll take a picture for you next time . It does n't look good at all ! 
Oh , are you going back during summer vacation ? 
Yes ... 
I =may go to where you guys are during the spring break in March ~ 
The Buffalo picture is so - so , but the quality of the postcard paper is quite good 
Let 's find a day to go to the waterfall ~~~ 
Just the opposite in New York ... 
OK 
I do n't think I will be away traveling 
There are postcards everywhere in New York ... Why do n't I buy some when I go to New York this week ? 
Are you going back to China ? 
Yes , I guess , but I want to find a summer internship here 
Oh ... There are many souvenir shops near 42nd Street 
Many of the postcards with average paper quality cost $ 1 for 10 pieces or $ 1 for eight pieces 
But the pictures look quite good 
... So cheap ? ! 
But there are also those with good paper quality , a booklet of 30 pieces cost about $ 11 
Yes 
My schoolmates have even bought plane tickets to go back to China , and will go back at the end of April 
I 'll go buy in New York !!! Ours are ugly and yet cost $ 4 a piece ... plus tax ... 
But we 're very sad , ours and your spring break just miss each other ... 
The souvenir shops in New York City Public Library and American Museum of Natural History , as well as the Metropolitan Museum of Art , all sell those with good paper quality 
Really 
[ Emoticon ] No way ... so expensive 
Yes ... our school is just a bloodsucker ... 
Oh ... 
Our summer vacation wo n't start until sometime into May 
I may have to come back to be a grader before July 
That means you are going back for only around a month 
If it can be arranged ... 
Yes 
Huge expenses in the first year ... I 'll come back early to work and earn some money 
What you 're saying puts me to shame ... 
Hey ... how much stuff have you bought ... ? 
Our tuition fee is high ... 
Oh ... 
It 's 20,000 per semester ... 
I 'm so thrifty ~ right ?~ 
[ Emoticon ] Actually ... I do n't remember how much my tuition fee is ... 
Exempted right away ... 
An arrow shot into the knee ... 
I 'm going to find an internship to earn money to feed my family ! 
Hahahahaha 
Go for it ... 
When are you going back to China ? 
Hmm ~ 
I do n't know , depending on the internship , I think . If I can do an internship here , I 'll go back when I am free ; if I ca n't , I guess I 'll go back for internship 
Graduating soon , I have to start looking for a job 
Yes ~ good luck to both of us ~~~ 
Yes 
I 'll go wash up and get ready for bed ~ You rest early , too ~~~ I 'll visit you one day for a free meal 
OK ... good night 
Night ~ 
I saw the photos . My Xiaomin is looking splendid , but your son is still the best . Why are n't you in the photos ? 
I was taking photos for them 
Hehe 
It 's Chinese New Year , there must be a lot of people at home , right ? 
Yes . How do you guys plan to celebrate ? ( From Wechat : http://weixin.qq.com/q ) 
We have bought some dumpling filling and will wrap dumplings to eat 
What is the time difference between us ? 
13 hours 
It is 8 o'clock at night over here 
It should be 9 o'clock in the day over at your side , right ? 
Oh , you guys have n't gone to bed yet , and I just woke up 
Not yet 
Have you started work ? 
Yes , I 've been working for a few days already 
How are you feeling over there ? 
Is the little cute guy in kindergarten ? 
Quite good , not many people , good air , clean 
And my Min ? 
Not yet . We have registered , and are waiting for reply 
Do enjoy yourselves 
When Shangshang goes to kindergarten , she will start work 
I 'm getting up 
You 're up very late . Where 's your son ? 
Good mother 
Spending time with him 
Easy life , hehe 
Hehe , where ? 
In the kindergarten 
Taken by teachers 
I also bought 100.7 yuan 's snacks from The Store last night 
Wow , have you received ? 
The delivery will be free only if the amount reaches one hundred 
It 's supposed to arrive tomorrow 
It 's a little bit slow in your place then 
Dispatched to Jiangsu , Zhejiang and Shanghai 
I bought them at 11 O'clock last night , now they are ready for loading onto the car 
Oh oh 
I 'm going back tomorrow 
My father is nailing the bed for me today 
It 's so early 
The old bed of your house 
Four piece - suit , I took them back after buying them 
Oh oh 
I also bought 200's stuff in San Jiang Shopping , Shengzhou 's San Jiang Shopping , it 's also possible to buy online , they have been delivered today 
So many stuff 
I will go back and do the cleaning 
Not so many stuff , now money can not buy a lot of stuff 
Anyway , will there be anyone who will take you home ? 
Yes 
I bought stuff in small commodities market just now , I wanted to buy a three - layer bathroom supporter , I called and asked my father , it is different from the one in your house 
It seems the one in my house is small , let 's talk about it after going back 
Oh oh , I 'll get off work first 
I looked for kitchen supporters in the internet yesterday , but all of them will be delivered after this year 
You sent so many delicious things . I thank you for Mengmeng and Xuanxuan 
It 's good they 've been received . I was worried they did n't arrive . Some beef jerkies still has n't been sent . Could n't fit them in the box . Next time .
Do n't send them 
Did the two little angels like them ? 
Your good thoughts have been received 
They liked it 
That 's good then .
Hope the two little angels are healthy and happy during the new year .
Are you in Huangshi or Wuhan ? 
The car from Huangshi is picking me up soon . Just got back from a social activity at noon today . Still in Wuhan now .
Contact me when you come to Wuchang . I will treat you to a meal .
Baby is showing off new clothes , heh heh 
Two big beauties . The shape of their faces is particularly good .
Leather boots are very pretty .
They really know how to pose .
Newly bought , heh heh . Teacher has good [ taste | vision ] 
You know how to appreciate . It 's so good to see them happy .
Where was this taken ? 
New Year 's Day in Changlong 
Oh , kids need to be brought out more often to increase their knowledge . Good .
My ride is here . The driver is urging me . We ’ll chat again next time . [ emoticon ] 
They both follow me to many places .
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
There =should be coffee for me to drink when I go back to Huangshi 
You have n't finished your coffee from last time yet .
[ Silly silly | Ben Ben ] When will your holiday begin ? 
7th 
Alas 
When will you come back to work ? 
I will be back from Wuchang on the 19th 
And start to work on the 20th 
Your holiday lasts half a month 
I asked for five days leave 
You are so fortunate 
You can ask for leave 
I can surely ask for leave since I will not be paid 
Still working , right ? 
Hoho . Yes , there is still one day till next year .
Are you going back this year ? 
No , and in all likelihood I wo n’t be going back in the future . Will you be going back ? 
I 'm not going back this year either 
Why is it unlikely for you to go back in the future ? 
Your parents are both in Beijing now ? 
Because my parents are both in Beijing and my grandparents have both passed away . Are you still working ? 
My vacation started today 
Oh , that ’s quite good to have your parents near you 
In fact , we are quite far apart from one another , and busy as well , I only see my parents once every few months . How about your parents ? 
My mother passed away very early on 
Your father is also living in Beijing ? Sorry , I have made you sad 
My third brother works in [ Shougang Corporation | Shougang ] and lives in Daxing 
I am always at my mother - in - law 's house in Daxing on Chinese New Year 's Eve 
Maybe it ’s in the same neighborhood 
However my mother died very early on . I have more or less accepted it in my heart 
In that place called Guanyin and whatnot 
Middle school age ? 
Yes 
Very painful memories 
Your situation is very similar to a liberal arts classmate whom I know . His father passed away during his first year in middle school . He has felt the sorrow for a lifetime 
I was in third year of elementary school when my mother left 
Poor child 
Your father did n't [ marry | look ] again ? 
It 's a new year , let ’s talk about something happy . Haha 
No , for the sake of us four brothers 
My third brother 's house is in Guanyinsi district in Daxing ? 
Is it there ? 
Check and see 
I 've been there twice before but forgot the exact address 
It is . It 's not far from my mother - in - law 's home 
Have you come to Beijing before ? 
Is that so ? 
I ’ve been there before 
How many times ? 
When was that ? 
Most recently , it was 2010 
It ’s a shame that I did n't get in touch with you at that time 
You can look for me the next time you come here 
Haha . Oh yes , but I ’m very happy to get to know you through the class reunion this time 
I =will definitely look for you if I go to Beijing 
Hoho , so you did n't know me originally ? 
Will 
I really do n't remember now 
Have you spoken to me when you were in high school ? 
Hoho . To be honest I only got to know you this time as well 
So it 's even more worthy of a celebration , 
You were from class 6 ? 
From Class 7 
Oh no , I 'm ashamed 
Back then I had my [ nose in the air | nostrils toward the sky ] every day and there were a lot of classmates whom I did n’t know 
However , back then I seldom spoke with classmates sitting in the front when I attended third year of high school at Ren Middle School 
It was n't [ nose in the air | nostrils toward the sky ] , it was because we were too " short " 
It was because I was n't sensible back then 
I found that you were the most mature and sensible at the gathering this time [ emoticon ] 
At least it seems this way [ emoticon ] 
I think it 's very good . Your current situation is precisely due to the reason that you were not sensible at that time 
You water it down even when you praise me ! 
Ca n't you give me something pure ? 
When you speak you must allow some leeway 
I 'm inarticulate 
I 'm inarticulate too , but how come I 'm not mature and sensible ? [ emoticon ] 
So men who seldom speak are easily considered mature and sensible by you 
As a girl (( why would I be sensible ? )) 
Need 
There must be charisma too . There are so many men who do n't speak up 
But what I think about might be a little more than other people 
That ’s nevertheless mature and sensible [ emoticon ] 
There is more or less a pre-judgment in my heart for each type of situation 
You said it yourself 
It ’s not good , if you think too much , there will also be many white hairs 
You 're a teacher after all 
I have n’t discovered that 
And slowly the student was guided to speak his mind 
Before you talked to me I had just handed in the work before the holiday , I ’m so happy 
Now I can celebrate the New Year at ease 
Yes , you must definitely be happy during the New Year 
Relaxed 
When are you all going to work ? 
Here , I wish you and your family safety and good health in the New Year ! 
18th 
You only have 7 days of vacation ? 
Hoho , I accept your blessings , and also wish you a Happy New Year ! Do n't worry and think too much , it would be distressing 
7th - 18th for us 
Yours is so long too 
We are managed humanely 
You are walking down other people ’s roads , 
?? 
You should all generally be let off according to the national legal holidays standard 
That it ’s so humane for you all shows that your leaders are doing things right 
Yes , our company is pretty good in every aspect , that ’s why I 've stayed for 11 years 
Depending on strength and character to [ make a living | eat a meal ] [ emoticon ] 
But one must also let go appropriately 
The strength and character are really good 
Yeah , this year I want to go to Northern Europe or South America to take a look 
What is a good translation for consequence ? 
As a matter of fact you really know how to live ! 
Result 
Consequence 
I hear Sweden is not bad 
Yes , Norway too 
If you have a chance you should go see more of the world too 
I 've always wanted to , but still ca n't fulfill my wishes currently 
Let go some more and then you can fulfill your wishes 
Take more photos and come back to share ! 
Hoho , okay 
But the ones I 've picked up are very few 
So I ca n't let go of too many 
There must still be less impediments before you can be more relaxed 
It ’s a shame that people are n't individual units 
I ’m very pleased to chat so happily with you on this gloomy morning 
There are indeed many realistic problems 
It 's 24 degrees Celsius today 
Are n't you already wearing shirts ? 
The sunshine has been splendid in the past few days 
Oh yes 
It 's been snowing in Beijing these few days 
It 's going to rain , it ’s hot and humid 
Hoho , you are n’t calling me Teacher anymore ? A few days ago , I asked [ Dengdeng | ==] not to call me Teacher Zhou anymore , I am now called [ Dengdeng | ==] too [ emoticon ] 
Really ? 
I ’m very honored 
It 's a little awkward to call you Teacher 
Can I trouble you to tell me [ Dengdeng 's | == 's ] [ QQ instant messenger | qq ] number ? 
An air of [ holding oneself aloof | sitting up high ] 
You do n't have it ? 
Oh , thank you 
Hoho , we 're all friends . Do n't thank me 
You have filled me to the brim with happiness ! 
I 'm stepping out for a short while . You take care of some work too 
The joy is mutual [ emoticon ] 
Yeah , okay , let ’s chat again when we have time 
Although it was written to a deceased father , it is equally suited to commemorating a mother . Just shared it with that classmate who lost his father . After he heard it he wept 
I 'm very fragile 
It 's also precisely because of this that it 's quite suitable for me to sing some very sad songs 
Are you all right ? I merely wanted to share this song and this nostalgic mood with you 
However , the release of emotions is a very good form of healing 
Your song is very moving . I got to know you through your song 
Do you also like this kind of sad songs ? 
Yes 
What kind of a past did you have ? 
Can you tell me all about it ? 
There is basically no history . I ’m ashamed 
But there are still some stories of the heart , more or less 
Ashamed ? That 's happiness 
But it has nothing to do with listening to songs . It 's related to temperament and character 
Hoho , it seems to be what George Eliot said . The happiest women , like the happiest nations , have no history 
Your happiness is very pure 
I used to sing Mother in Candle Light 
Every time I sang it , I cried my eyes out 
This is the world 's truest and purest emotion . Even if you grow old it would still be there 
Yes , especially this emotion 
I 'm always analyzing why I invariably lack a certain type of strength at pivotal moments 
I ca n't bring myself to do it 
Very weak 
It may be the lack of maternal love at a young age that makes my heart weak 
A lack of emotions caused me a lot of trouble 
At that time my father was away from home doing business . I had to take care of my three younger brothers 
I was 10 years old at that time 
My little brother was only one month old 
It must have been very hard on you 
How did you make it through these years ? 
Little Brother was the most pitiful , only one month old 
Did your mother pass away of illness ? 
Yes 
It was very hard on your father too 
Yes . He 's very great 
Yes . I admire him very much 
Is everyone doing fine now ? Your little brother is also independent now , right ? 
Are they all independent or do they still need to rely on you ? 
No matter what , the eldest always has to assume a lot more responsibilities 
Yes . We do n’t talk much when we are together , but when there is something going on , we 'll always know it intuitively 
Is everyone very deep and reticent because of their childhood experiences ? 
Yes 
Too repressed when young 
Do n't always be like this , you must slowly [ open up | become sunshine ] 
I was somewhat liberated only when I attended university 
I 'll share an excerpt of some words that I like : Life ca n't be as good as you imagine it , but it wo n't be as bad as you imagine it either . I think a person 's weakness and strength both exceed their own imagination . Sometimes , I might be so fragile a single word brings me to tears . Sometimes , I also find that I have walked a very long way gritting my teeth . - Guy de Maupassant 
Thanks 
[ Open up | Sunshine ] in order to have a better future for yourself and your children 
Let them feel the sunshine radiating from your heart and illuminate their way forward 
Yes , we must n’t give the children these [ dark | not sunny ] emotions 
You must cherish the past but do n't dwell on the past 
Thanks . Today you 've released me from emotions which I 've had repressed for over two years 
Why has it been over two years ? 
Because I 've repressed so many things during these two or three years 
Do you believe in Jesus ? 
Yes 
Really ? 
In fact I believe in truth , goodness and beauty 
I 've been reading the bible recently 
Yes . Usually the main purpose of religion is to promote truth , goodness and beauty 
So awesome , I read The Bible to study language 
It 's not an English version 
Whether it ’s Jesus or Allah , I believe in everything that is true , good and beautiful 
I once gave a Chinese - English version of The Bible to a young American boy 
Hoho , why do you read it ? 
For healing ? 
I want to strengthen my innermost being , I guess 
Getting hurt is not scary because wisdomisbutwoundhealed .
Actually healing can only be achieved by oneself 
I ’m just afraid that the wound ca n't be healed 
Yes 
It 's impossible for people to live without hurt 
Firstly , one really needs to think through whether they can let go of every obsession and addiction 
It 's not necessary to magnify one 's hurt either 
Although I ca n't help you , I hope at least that I can bring you some happiness and sunshine 
It 's just that people can be very fragile at certain periods 
There are ups and downs for all 
You are already performing long - distance healing on a voluntary basis 
Hoho 
I 'm this way myself 
A good person 
Just a good heart 
Today you 've brought happiness to at least two friends 
It ’s really from the bottom of my heart 
Yes , I ’m kindred spirits with him 
But I still made him cry 
It was n't my intention 
Making him cry was n't a bad thing 
It was your serendipitous reward 
These years he 's been repressing his innermost being too much as well , always feeling inferior 
Oh , is he in Yongxin ? 
Perhaps this is the common characteristic of children who lose parents in their childhood 
Yes . Classmate from science class 
He 's from Yongxin , but is n't in Yongxin 
You can go and study this kind of social topic now 
It ’s nevertheless more practical to show more concern 
Honest person 
Wang Feng 's songs are very good , but only suitable for listening . They are very difficult to sing aloud 
I 've been continuously listening to his Beijing , Beijing recently 
And also When I Think of You 
Haha , I just thought of sending it to you 
These days I 've been constantly listening to Beijing , Beijing too 
I 'm honored to become your kindred spirit too ? 
It 's strange why you 'd pay attention to these songs 
Your mental state should be very pure 
Same - sex attraction 
Opposite sex , right ? 
My innermost being is actually fragile and distressed although pure 
It should n’t be 
The petty bourgeoisie are all like this 
Looking for issues when there are none 
For the sake of writing new poems , one endeavors to talk about melancholy 
Full marks ! 
I ’m very pleased that you can use my state of mind to communicate with me 
A kind and thoughtful person ! 
Hoho , it ’s merely my nature 
Do your parents live at your brothers ' home ? 
Also in Beijing 
They are living separately 
Separate from your brothers too ? 
Making the people around me happy is my happiness 
This is a great love ! 
My elder sister is in the United States . Elder Brother and I are in Beijing 
Oh , you are all a true middle class 
You 're very lucky to be the youngest 
Your requirements for a rainbow are overbroad 
Hoho , it 's enough as long as there is sunshine . Not expecting a rainbow 
I want to get in touch with you more often , and feel your sunshine drive away my haze 
[ emoticon ] You really make me feel very short 
I wish that my warm sunshine can light up your world [ emoticon ] 
All living things are equal 
It 's universal love now 
To universally love all living things is my heart 's desire 
Your innermost being is really very strong 
You are n't a Yongxin local , right ? 
In fact that was not the case , it 's just a spiritual practice 
I am a local but grew up elsewhere 
I ca n’t speak my native dialect 
The practice has attained a certain state now 
So that ’s how it is 
Which [ place | water and soil ] did you become acclimated to ? 
I grew up in Taihe 
Oh 
First it was the county town in Taihe , and then we went to a small town in Taihe . So there is a style of simplicity and honesty in my bones 
I 'll wash my face first . You go ahead and get busy for a while 
Hi , Teacher Jiang . Have you sorted everything out and settled in ? 
Really great , hehe 
How are you ? 
More or less OK 
Where are you living ? I wonder if you 're far from us over here ? 
Have you got used to where you 're living yet ? I 'm living in north broad street 
OK , I suppose . I was n't quite used to it during the first few days when we had just arrived , now I feel much better 
How do you feel ? 
I 'll probably have to go to your Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania again soon , and when the time comes I 'll know how far it is . Hehe 
I 'm OK , -- when I 'd just arrived I was n't too great 
I was a little tired 
Was it ? Make sure to have some rest 
I 've just looked it up , 10.5 miles -- 19 minutes by car 
It 's not very near 
The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania is just next to our lab 
If it 's convenient , let me know before you come , hehe 
Oh , it 's OK , I think . Can you get there directly by subway ? OK , I can go see you guys 
Hehe 
I 'll look it up 
Is n't the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania actually really big ? 
It 's very big 
I 've just been there in the past few days 
I think you have to make an appointment 
I did n't feel comfortable to say last time , because I was pregnant , and I mainly went to the hospital to do a check - up , and I 'd heard that the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania is very good 
Oh , that 's a good thing , and it 's also something important 
Congratulations 
The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania is good . You should be able to set your mind at rest about that 
A really time - consuming thing 
The main problem is that we 're not familiar with this area 
You can just ask around 
I did n't know it until I 'd completed all the paperwork , and I could n't not come 
Thank you ! 
: ) 
If you give birth over here , they give you the Green Card right away 
Hehe , that is actually the case , but I had n't actually thought of saying that at first 
I do n't think it 's very convenient to take the bus from where you are to the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania 
I 'll give you a website , and you can look it up for yourself 
That 's actually a good thing . When the time comes , get your hubby to come over and look after you 
When you came through the security check at the airport , did you tell the people on duty about your pregnancy and ask them not to do a scan ? 
It would really hold all things up , hehe 
No , I said I was not feeling well 
Having a child is an important thing -- nothing should be allowed to get in the way of having a child 
I asked for a pat down 
In that case , there 's no need for concern 
Um , the thing is I ca n't do research well over here , and I do n't think the adviser will be very happy about it , hehe 
They wo n't have any requirements of visiting scholars , so it does n't matter 
Are your spouse and child both OK ? Can you send your child to kindergarten ? 
I 'm just about to send him there 
I 've enrolled him , and we 're waiting to hear from them 
I think they 're free over here , =right ? 
There are no free ones 
It 's great to let your child absorb English by spending time with little foreign kids 
After 5 years of age , it 's free to attend kindergarten 
In that case , you 're still a little way off that , I =think 
Before that , it 's not free , and it is quite expensive - 800 - 1,000 U.S. dollars a month 
4 years old ? 
That 's really expensive 
Are there any discounts for low - income people such as us ? 
I think there are . I 'm not sure of the exact policies 
In that case , quickly look them up , and you could save some money , otherwise you 'll lose out 
I did n't notice it was getting so late . Quickly go to bed . I wo n't disturb you anymore . If I go to the University of Pennsylvania , I 'll come and spend some time with you guys : ) 
OK , good night 
I saw it 
By the way , when will tasks be allocated ? 
Are all of those not yet translated ? 
Documents are being uploaded in the main group 
I 've translated three of them there ... 
Is the team leader allocating the tasks ? 
Do as one pleases , let 's liaise between one another and assign them 
I 've downloaded that before . One of them has been translated . As for the others , it may have to depend on what everyone remembers 
Where 's the team leader ... ? 
Having a team leader or [ whatever | divine horse ] has its inherent disadvantages 
Let 's take what we want ~~~~ 
I thought BELLA is the team leader ... 
Is there =no team leader ? 
If we take what we want , wo n't there be repetition ? [ emoticon ] 
How about I translate that time out interview ... ? I 've searched the keywords and I think it has not been translated ... 
Shout 
No ... I 'm just setting up a discussion group to make it convenient for everyone 
Which one should I translate -- ? 
in this case 
time is also more recent ... August 2012 
Mr. dcmx , I 've sent you a pdf 
Where ? Group share ? 
Received .
Has this article been translated ? 
The one I received earlier 
If not , I 'll translate this one O . O 
Which ones have been translated ? ? 
I have n't seen Beethoven 
In that case , I 'll translate this one first . It 's also recent from last year 
I think I 've seen this one too 
Focus can be put on translating Beethoven . Some news pointed out the flaws of his Beethoven music pieces but acknowledged his achievements 
Have you found all those we have seen ? 
( Suggestion ) 
Why do n't we do this , I 'll jot down which has been translated by who and as long as we do n't repeat it , it will be fine 
I 'll take that HK TIME OUT piece first ... scrambling off to translate now ... 
Find those that we have seen and share them again on our Weibo 
Why Yundi Li Got Cut - WSJ . pdf - I 've seen this , it has been translated 
OK 
Is someone allocating tasks ? ? 
That is from Vdisk 
I still think it 's better to have someone allocating tasks ... 
I think we should first download the documents , file them , and then have someone sort out which ones have been translated and which ones have not 
Get rid of them one by one ! 
It 's called " Yundi Foreign Reports " 
Share on Weibo those that have been translated 
Yes , if not , they will easily be repeated 
OK ... 
Sitting and waiting for allocation ~~ 
Waiting for allocation ~~~ 
Do we translate with others or alone ? In other words , does it need to be checked ... ? 
Why is it that I 'm still unable to open it ┭┮ ﹏ ┭┮ 
Let 's do this , let 's take a look first and see if there is anything you particularly want to translate 
Take what we want first 
After taking what we want , tell the discussion group 
It 's fine as long as there are duplicates 
This is the Vdisk sharing for the documents uploaded by the group administrator . There are many in there ... 
There are 60 English documents 
OK ~~~ 
Agree 
Yes , sorry to trouble you ~ 
I 've created a table . Write it down so there will be no duplicates 
[ Picture ] Has someone translated this ? ? 
After taking a look , I feel that there are more interviews and fewer music reviews 
I could open them previously , but I am not able to open them this time , oh no 
An article on an interview about Prokofiev : Piano Concerto No 2 ; Ravel : Piano Concerto in G Major 
A scripted article about Red Piano 
Of course ~~~ 
I still have to install PDF , I do n't have it on my home computer , and I ca n't open any of those documents 
... I found that one just now on Weibo 
[ Picture ] Has someone translated this ? 
I 've not seen it 
How should we allocate ? 
Take what we want and tell the group 
Which ones in Hanasaki have you translated ? 
This ... how do we take what we want ... ? 
You guys choose first ... 
=Bros , I 'm scrambling to translate that article now ... 
[ Picture ] This has been taken ~ 
[ Picture ] I 'd like to ask if someone has translated this ? ? 
Oh , OK , in that case , I 'll exchange for a different article ~~ [ emoticon ] 
Mr. Rise and Fall found this on Weibo just now 
[ Picture ] This article is slanderous @ . @ 
Not translating ... 
I 'll download music reviews from Vdisk first 
[ Picture ] Is this considered slanderous against Lang Lang ? ? 
Damn it , if you are not in the business , you have no idea , the classical music industry is shadier than the world of [ showbiz | YLQ ] 
And in the Vdisk share , there are a few articles from domestic media , such as West China City Daily and [ whatever | divine horse ] , that have been translated into English ... 
... 
It 's considered slanderous against =Lang Lang , I think - - 
City Daily wins - - 
So are we still translating it ? ? 
But we did n't write the music review anyway 
I think it is quite OK 
In that case , do n't bother , move on 
Why did I hear that Rubinstein had praised Lang Lang to the skies ... ? It must be Ah Ren boasting about it himself ... = =+ 
I 've downloaded Rubinstein 's Chopin collection ... 
And his Beethoven ... 
[ Picture ] There are more before that 
Damn , I do n't know many of the names ... 
[ Picture ] This = = ... 
I 've finished translating one article ... 
Wow , super fast 
Hahahaha 
It 's relatively short ... 
How to give ? 
I ca n't find the address for the music review package 
Please give me one 
By the way , I guess the Internet will be disconnected during Spring Festival . Group Administrator , please =do n't kick me out 
Hi , recommending a document for you " Yundi Foreign Reports . rar " http://vdisk.weibo.com/s/pHD2Z 
Thanks a lot ! 
Could any of you girls who are free now help take a look ~~~ ? 
I ca n't , it 's almost 11 o'clock here ... I have to work tomorrow morning ... [ crying | QAQ ] ... =going to bed ... [ girls | GN ] , good luck ... [ sobbing | 5555 ] ... no free meals ... 
Take a look at this article that was just translated ~~~ we should preferably have two people for each article ~~ 
Good night ~~ 
Good night 
Good night 
Good night 
Idling 
Good night ~ 
Idling [ emoticon ] 
Put it up here and let 's look at it together 
You ca n't go wrong with going over it a few more times 
I 'm still downloading ~~ will take a look after I 'm done ~~ 
OK 
How do I send documents in the discussion group ... = = 
Girls who are free , let 's chat privately ... let 's take a look at one another 's 
OK 
Why not let 's open another group ? 
Group sharing is more convenient 
Good night , good night ~ 
You ca n't send in the discussion group , right ? 
Send translation and documents ? 
It can send mass emails 
By the way , how could I send that number to Weibo ? 
Very soon , I 'll sort out the way to distribute the articles ... 
@ ? 
Hold on for a bit ... 
OK , the one I have at hand is also being revised again ! ~ 
OK , in that case , I 'll take a shower first ... or [ Red Bean =Girl | Hongdoumeizi ] has something that has been revised ? 
Yes 
Girl , can you hold on for a while first ... ? 
I sent one in the afternoon before there was a group ... Should I circle for [ Little Noodle | Xiaomian ] directly or resend it to [ Little Noodle | Xiaomian ] ? 
No hurry 
Who wants someone to take a look ? I have nothing to do 
Send it to me , I can take a look 
What are we discussing now ? 
I stepped out just now 
Now , waiting for the group administrator to sort out the way to distribute the articles 
From where can the documents be downloaded ? 
The previous download browser has crashed 
http://vdisk.weibo.com/s/pHD2Z 
Thanks ! 
Help ! What is a better translation for this sentence ? O . O 
[ Crying | QAQ ] 
Committed to 
He is committed to having relatively more Chinese music in his performances ? 
I think you can express " relatively more " in another way [ crying | QAQ ] 
But I ca n't think of anything [ admitting frustration | ORZ ] 
Part ? ? 
He wants to play more Chinese music 
Agree with [ Cloud Was Here | Yunlaiguo ] 
Enhance Chinese music or whatever 
!!! 
=That 's it 
Huh ? 
O . O 
He is committed to playing relatively more Chinese music in his performances ... 
I think [ Nameless Younger Sister 's | Wumingmeizi 's ] is quite good 
Give a whole sentence and let everybody sum it up , I 've thought about it for a long time but do n't know what to change it to [ admitting frustration | ORZ ] 
This is what translation is about , do it slowly 
Inevitable 
Hmm ... 
I think the sentence with " present " is quite good 
In the direction of a more serious , proper translation ? 
Yes , I find that sentence quite good , too 
He is committed to having a higher ratio of Chinese music in his repertoire 
This way , I feel that the word " ratio " is not expressive enough 
Proportion 
Not bad 
~ 
But should we change music to songs ? 
Younger sister ... 
Where 's your name ? 
Probably some problem with my QQ [ admitting frustration | =OTZ ] 
No , no , [ Skin Skin | Pipi ] , you 're not alone ... 
﹁ _ ﹁ 
It 's out !!! 
In that case , it may be a problem with my RP ... 
Hahahaha 
This is possible ! 
Indeed , the northern folks do n't understand Cantonese [ admitting frustration | ORZ ] 
Southern folks have no problem with it ... 
I got it ! 
Got it + 1 
Cantonese is a skill that comes with a person , just like Traditional Chinese characters [ crying | QAQ ] 
Got it 
Girls 
There are too many people from English ... 
I 've set up a new group 
OK ~ 
OK 
OK 
I saw it ~ 
Added 
=Added 
So many people ~~~ 
(( Old Xi , your name is still not showing )) [ admitting frustration | ORZ ] 
(( Absolutely will not show using pretty pictures ... )) 
Added ... 
Yes 
Let 's change names ... 
[ Picture ] All of =you look good this way 
(( How come the rules for sending Weibo postings are out )) ? O . O 
Are you there ? 
I want to ask you something 
? 
Do you know anybody in LianZhongShunTong Driving School !! 
… Never heard of it 
Fuck !! 
Ask around !! See if anybody knows anyone in this driving school ? 
Why ? Who is taking the exam ? 
These years connections do n’t seem to work out any more 
My wife and I !! It ’s not about the exam ! We do n’t even have the chance to practice !! 
If we know someone and can practice more , we may have passed the exam already 
Oh , is it so serious ? 
I really do n’t know anyone from this driving school 
Yes ! Extremely serious !! I have passed Subject one for three months , yet I have practiced for less than two hours !! 
Faint 
See if you know anyone ! We ’ll jump the queue ! Invite the coach ! Hurry up and finish the learning !! It is so painstaking ! [ emoticon ] 
Are you there ? 
I saw you drive today . You come downstairs in a while . Put the formula milk for the kid in your car .
No , thank you , you are spending too much , Elder Brother Bin 
Come down , please 
I am going out now 
Do n’t 
Wait for a while 
Let me pick things up . I ’ll be going down soon , and wo n’t be coming up again 
How long ? 
I ’ll call you soon 
I am awfully sorry for the trouble 
I ’ll put it in the janitor ’s room 
Do n’t , please 
Well , I ’m waiting for you at the parking lot . I ’m here now 
Let me ask Aunt Ma 
Great , thank you . Happy New Year 
Ask Finance how this was calculated last year 
It should be the same as last year 
Can we not go ? 
You ’re welcome . Happy New Year 
Which one of you is coming on the 8th day of the Lunar New Year ? 
The two of us will see when the time comes . One of us will go 
Who is coming for the training on the 9th and the 10th day of the Lunar New Year 
We ca n’t both go for sure 
We are not allowed to close 
Definitely not 
None of you want to come ? 
However , General Manager Lu asked those in Guangzhou to come 
Do we need to wear formal attire ? 
Sure 
One of us will go 
Oh , we do n’t have winter work clothes 
Yes 
Wear work clothes for the meeting on the 8th day of the Lunar New Year ? 
The formal attire on the 9th and the 10th day of the Lunar New Year is not limited to work clothes 
Between season clothing , the suit is too thin 
It was from before 
What was it in the past ? 
Okay , got it .
Our current work clothes do n’t have thick ones either 
Work clothes is required for the meeting 
Dear , Happy Birthday ! 
Sorry , I said it so late QAQ 
I always feel that I have just said this to you not very long ago 
It is so quick . It has been another year now .. 
^^ Thank you , my senior . It is not late at all 
Um . How time flies ! 
> / / / < Hug 
You should celebrate it properly 
Is it your animal year ? 
Hug you . In fact , I just ordered a pizza , and took out ice cream 
It is my animal year 
You should buy red [ pants | Pang Ci ] ! 
Chuckle . All right . I will buy tomorrow 
=3= Make sure to wear them 
I will~ 
[ image ] Let me show you my love w 
What a lovely wall corner ! 
^^ 
Have a good meal w 
and gain weight~ 
My waist size has already increased several times this winter 
That is good w Be sure not to get sick . There are a lot of sick people recently 
Senior , take care of your body , too 
I will ^^ 
I 'm in Beijing ! 
When did you go to Beijing ? 
After graduating from college ? 
Are you still in America at the moment ? 
I just arrived 20 days ago 
I came in 2004 after I finished my postgraduate degree 
How long are you staying ? 
I 'm going to stay here for one year 
A long - time Beijinger now 
Where do you work in Beijing ? 
In an engineering trade company 
So , where were you before you went to America ? 
I went back to the northeast . In Harbin Institute of Technology 
As a teacher 
Haha , you actually got into a college . That 's great ! 
There are many of our classmates from senior high school in Beijing 
There is nothing special about colleges 
Neither good nor bad 
Do you have to =go through professional assessments ? 
You are the only one who can settle down 
I was anxious over the job title , and that 's why I came abroad 
There are many in colleges and public institutions 
Why are you called Zhou Xiaoliang ? 
Are n't you called Zhou Tianliang ? 
Liu Limin asked whether you had got married , hehe 
[ emoticon ] Outdated ? 
I 'm married 
A little bit outdated . Zhou Tianliang is also outdated . In fact I am also outdated as a person 
Ha 
Liu Limin is quite concerned about your personal matters 
Have you had a baby yet ? 
Haha , thank you for your concern ! 
I 'm married , but I have n't yet wanted to have a baby ! 
Show me a photo to look at of the three of you 
Go to my Qzone to take a look . I look much older now 
How old is your child ? 
4 and a half 
Did he also go with you to America ? 
Who was lucky enough to marry the cream of our crop in class 5 ? 
He came with us . I would have been concerned about him if I 'd left him in China 
Haha 
I was mainly worried he would go off with other people 
Haha 
If it 's convenient , can you also show yourself ( or better , the whole family ) ( this is a joint request made by Liu Limin and me ) ? 
OK 
Will you be able to go back for this gathering of our classmates ? 
I 'm in the office at the moment . I 'll have some photographs when I get home 
OK . There 's no rush 
I 'm planning to go back 
I go and visit my family every year during the New Year 
It 's great to go back . I think there will be many classmates going back this time . It 's not easy ! 
You should do 
Yes 
I could n't imagine there would really be that many people going back 
I really do want to go back this time . I really want to get together with my classmates . But it 's too far , and there 's no way I can do it 
Do you normally go back to Lishu ? 
10 years ago , I always went back . Later on , I seldom went back 
Ten years ... 
Neither of you is going back ? 
Are n't you both from Lishu ? 
His family has basically moved to Beijing 
Her 
Oh 
My family has moved to Changtu 
Oh 
No wonder 
In recent years , there has really been a great change in Lishu . Sometimes when I ride on the bus and pass the gate of the No. 1 Middle School , I think back to our happy days in senior high school ! 
Which place in Beijing do you live at ? 
Chaoyang 
Is that near BUCT ? 
I expect you frequently come to Beijing , since their home is in Beijing . How come you do n't come and settle in Beijing ? 
Where is that ? 
Beijing University of Chemical Technology , to the north of the East Third Ring Road 
It looks like it 's not far 
I left Beijing right after I graduated in 2001 . When I think of going back , I see the tickets are expensive when vacations start , and I dare not go back 
You should n't have left , hehe 
I 'm quite a muddle - headed person ; I do everything according to my feelings , and often slip up 
Hehe 
I am used to it now , leaving a mistake uncorrected and making the best of it , hehe 
By the way , what major did you study for your bachelor 's and master 's degrees ? 
Law 
Good , much better than the chemistry I studied . Chemistry has sickened me to death 
I applied for physics major when I took my college entrance exam , and could n't do well 
and changed it 
The sciences are too much trouble . Both difficult =and hard to make money in 
But very practical , are n't they ? 
And also with stable jobs in college 
When I graduated , I did n't think about it clearly enough , and felt I had to go out and see the world . Now I think it would have been much better had I gone and become a civil servant or become a teacher 
It 's good to see a bit of the world . Otherwise , you will just live in your own world , and it would be easy to [ get a blinkered perspective on life | become a frog at the bottom of a well ] 
Gosh , it 's really tiring ! 
The society today is totally different from the one we imagined when we were in school 
So that means the society you 're in is not the same as the one I thought . Ultimately , those of us who are in college do n't know what society is really like 
I do n't think this is good for the next generation . I do n't even know how to tell my son what this society is like and how he =should muddle along 
He can blaze his own path 
A son , hehe , can be put to good training 
I did blaze my own path , but I have n't managed to get to the point where I understand what 's going on 
I have to teach him the law of survival , otherwise I will have neglected my duties 
There 's no problem for men 
He can do his best to marry a good wife [ emoticon ] 
Hehe , that 's the main thing ! 
The risks are greater than those on the Chinese stock market 
In the future , you may probably be unable to control him if even you want to , as he might want to go abroad 
In another 20 years , China will have green mountains and clear water , what 's the point of going abroad ? 
The people of that generation will have their own goals 
Are n't foreigners now coming to China all the same ? 
I ca n't even work out now what people of our generation are seeking 
We 're a generation living in a time of transformation , are n't we ? 
We 've all become guinea pigs 
I think I 'm a waste product after the experiment has failed 
Hehe , why ? 
Hehe 
Do n't set your demands too high . You have a job ; you have a stable income ; you have a good wife and a lovely child . Are you still in grinding poverty ? 
A wife , a child , and a warm brick bed , ok 
We 're first - generation immigrants , and so we 're bound to have to work harder and find things more perplexing 
Your son has got you as a backstop , and everything will go much more smoothly for him 
We 're the new generation of rural migrant workers flooding into the cities 
You have n't been to bed yet -- what time is it ? 
It 's 10 o'clock at night , 13 hours behind you . Right -- I 'm getting in the way of your work 
No. I have n't got anything left to do today 
I forgot to adjust for your time difference 
I 'm just waiting to finish my meal and then go back home 
Are you on holiday , or is it a half - day at work ? 
I think it 's a half - day 
I 'm just waiting to finish my meal , and when the boss has gone home , we will leave 
Hehe 
It 's really great to spend the New Year at home 
My New Year greetings to you . Happy New Year 
Give my regards to Limin for me 
Are things still the same with her ? 
OK , thanks . No great change -- she 's just got a bit older . We 've been through thick and thin together 
Hehe 
When are you going home ? I expect you have to leave tomorrow 
I 'm leaving on the 2nd , as it 's not easy to buy a ticket before the New Year 
Have you got fat ? 
Yes , I have . I 've put on quite a bit of weight 
heh , based on experience , generally when a wife is too good , her hubby will get fat 
Have you gained or lost weight ? 
I 'm actually a little plumper than I was when I was in senior high school 
You were very thin in senior high school , which means you 've maintained your weight very well 
You should eat your meal now , you press on , and I wo n't disturb you further 
Oh , I can not be considered thin now no matter what ... 
Um , I 'll go and tidy up , and see what mood the boss is in , and do my best not to still be at work this afternoon 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
See you later 
Happy New Year in advance ! 
Have you started work ? Is everything going well ? I came back home today 
Did the whole family go back ? 
Yes 
My work has started , and it 's more or less OK . The boss is quite nice . The study focus he has given me is also quite clearly defined 
I 've started doing the work 
Really great 
There are quite a lot of Chinese people in the lab , and also Taiwanese and Singaporeans 
Most of them can speak Chinese 
It 's quite convenient when it comes to communicating with them 
I would also like to wish you a Happy New Year 
By the way , is the Chinese New Year on the 8th or the 9th ? 
The 9th 
There are numerous Chinese people everywhere 
Yes . In recent years , an explosive increase has been seen 
You are on holiday ? 
I have n't worked for long 
More than one month 
Alas you do n't stay until the end of the year 
To get a red envelope 
I wo n't have one even if I stay until then 
Used to work as a supervisor on my uncle 's green worksite 
If that is done I will wait for the next project 
Did n't you say you were in a small company 
It 's good for you You can rest for so long after one project 
I wo n't stay in small companies very ridiculous 
You have been back ? 
No I am still working 
I will work until the Spring Festival Eve 
? 
Maybe I will have the holiday tomorrow 
I will be back the day after tomorrow 
We are so poor 
Already the 28th day of the 12th Chinese lunar month 
True 
The Chinese New Year just goes that way Not interesting 
I thought you were already back 
And you were tempted to treat me a meal 
Well I thought too much 
I cooked for myself [ Emoticon ] 
Ha 
You wait I will treat you when I am back 
[ Emoticon ] I am moved and crying 
I will get some tissue paper 
Of course you will pay [ Emoticon ] 
To wipe 
Do n't be too excited 
[ Oh Gosh | Faint ] 
My tears went back even after they were out 
So sentimental 
No. My nickname is Honest True Little Man 
OK I will be waiting 
I invite and you pay Let make it a deal 
Take it Shaxian 
Of course it 's up to me I made the invitation 
... 
You have n't been to Shengzhou for long , have you ? 
Let me tell you now Shaxian foods in Shengzhou are very high - end 
Some officials go there to eat 
Let 's have Shaxian 
Haha 
In which corner 
I have n't seen any high - end Shaxian food 
Well it is the same inside as others But in front of the door it is not Shaxian Snakes but Upscale Shaxian Snacks 
You fool me 
Wo n't you go upscale places like Shaxian ? 
I had Shaxian for 4 years at college 
You were so loyal to Shaxian ? 
There is only one restaurant within hundreds of meters from the college 
We were at Mount Xiaohe 
All mountains 
Really 
Impossible Which college is not surrounded by all restaurants 
Even not so for a countryside place like our Lin'an 
Even worse than Lin'an ? 
We were just like in Shaolin Temple 
Had nothing to eat 
All male 
Then how did you survive the 4 years 
Half of the time was spent playing at my friends ' college 
Did n't you have a girlfriend at college Not bad 
No 
I finally found after graduation 
There was an education college not far away from our college 
Hehe I wasted the 4 good years 
Yep What a pity I did n't study well either 
I was ruined by others 
Others helped me choose the college and the specialty 
You do n't have to think about these things now 
All have passes 
Are you comforting me 
I am deadly =moved 
I am the same as you and I was unsatisfied with my college and major I was comforting myself 
Food 
Right or not 
Yep 
What exactly to do 
Now 
Nothing to do with food at all 
What was your specialty 
I do n't know what I learnt either I was basically learning chemistry 
The specialty was doomed a tragedy when I chose to study science at high school 
Could you study arts then ? 
You made a bad choice for college It has nothing to do with the high school 
No Science will be useless without books 
Arts will be somehow of use in our life 
Science some chemistry , advanced math , physics are totally useless 
To tell the truth most of what we learn in books are useless 
Arts are useful 
When a science student is talking with an arts students , he will not win over the arts student in talking nonsense 
That 's about the personal speech talent What does it have to do with the arts or science ? 
Not speech talent 
It will be just the same if you read more books I just do n't like boys studying arts 
Shall we take the college entrance exam next year ? 
Right It 's about reading books 
Will you have the chance to take the college entrance exam ? 
I will 
You can take it any time 
Then you will have time for another youth 
I do n't have that patience anymore 
What year where you born in 
I was born in '93 
Alas You were born in the 90s . You are actually not in the same era as me 
Hello 
Hello , ex-classmate 
Why are you so polite ? 
Hehe , let me take a call . What are you still busy with ? 
Nothing , surfing the Net for a bit 
Where are you working at now ? 
Tonghua , Jilin 
Is this Liu or Zhou ? 
Can you go to the get - together this Spring Festival ? 
Zhou 
Yes . You ca n't go back ? 
I ca n't . I want to , but I came to the United States early this year and can only go back next year 
Oh , in the United States now . Doing your doctorate or what ? 
Nope , as a visiting scholar 
If I knew there would be an ex-classmate get - together , I would have come over later 
Hehe 
Indeed , got in touch a bit late 
Wang Xiaodong and his entire family are going to Hainan for Spring Festival , ca n't make it 
It seems that there will be many people this time , it 's not easy 
Yes , we have n't met for 15 years 
Yes 
It 's now nighttime over there , right ? 
Past 9 o'clock at =night , 13 hours behind 
That 's good , I have n't quite affected your sleep , hehe 
Girl , are you up ? 
I 'm up 
Can you video chat now ? 
OK 
But not for too long 
I still have some things to do 
OK , then I wo n't bother you , get going , tomorrow is the last day of the year , treat yourself well , make something good to eat yourself .
Why is it frozen ? 
It 's frozen , there 's no signal .
I think there 's a problem with the network 
Your room looks a little like a Hong Kong slum .
Why is it a Hong Kong slum 
Things are hanging up everywhere , I saw them in the video .
Go eat something , why do n't I mail you something to eat .
Then get your materials together , actively strive to seize each opportunity .
Li Yi can recommend you to the Texas school .
But it 's an unreliable recommendation 
Spread your net wide , attack where it matters .
I have to go 
OK , I 'm getting off , you hurry and go . [ expression ] [ expression ] 
Ah 
I want to see 
That clothing looks really old 
You are dark inside and bright outside 
Yea 
OK 
It 's comfortable clothing 
Of course , my first choice is to wear comfortable clothes 
OK 
Girl , are you up ? 
Wrong , I 'm up , are you back in the dorm ? 
Happy New Year 
Hahaha~ 
You ’re old enough to watch R - rated~ 
I ’m sorry . I did n’t check clearly before I picked this one ... 
... 
Come on~ I think you made an excellent choice ; P 
..... I ’m more inclined to watching the ones that we can withstand and appreciate .. 
You would n’t have watched something more extreme than this , would you ? 
In what way ? 
Is it about sex ? 
American movies are all similar 
American Pie and what not 
Um ... it seems to be ... Americans are more open 
That ’s right , hehe 
However , the environment at Notre Dame is very good so we do n’t feel the exaggeration in the movies and on television 
That ’s right . It ’s more conservative here at Notre Dame 
The university is good 
That ’s right 
I need to go to bed . I ’m very sleepy .. Are you not going to bed yet ? 
Um , I ’m at the office 
I ’ll go to bed later 
Good night~ See you tomorrow~ 
Good dream 
..... 
I ’m still at the office ... 
You ’re truly a night owl 
Hehe ...... 
The findings have finally come out 
I ’ve been waiting for two days 
Hehe , congratulations 
A nice present for the New Year 
Alas , there is nothing to congratulate me on 
The findings and the theories are a little off ...... 
I still need to continue to work hard 
Um , okay : ) good night ~ 
How was the Spring Festival gala ? 
Did you not go watch ? 
I did n’t = 。= 
I was a bit tired 
I only watched part of it . It was okay .. 
Oh ! 
haoyun jiejie went 
Hehe 
The effects were fine for a student production ! 
Are you still in the office ? 
Yes 
The discrepancy between theories and facts 
.... 
You do n’t even give yourself a holiday ... You ’re too cruel to yourself ... 
You still have n’t received it yet ? 
Not yet . I have n’t done anything before that either 
Nothing , just rather depressed 
It ’s a little shy , a little shy 
Eh 
Do you know why ? 
It ’s because the network configurations are different 
You can send me a small sample document to take a look 
Oh , I think the issue is quite complicated ! It is a complicated geometric solid structure . It also includes materials 
Um , the current situation is that I ’ve found the code that other people wrote on the Internet and can read it out with good structure 
What I need to do now is to find the elements that I need from it and do the calculation 
Oh~ 
Then you need to understand other people ’s code first 
And then improve it a bit yourself 
In fact , the rules are simple . However , I need to apply this model to the universal models 
Uh-huh 
It seems that you are an expert 
Hehe 
I ’m far from it ...... 
What language is the code ? 
matlab .... 
It ’s very elementary .. 
Not really 
It ’s not easy to write good code in matlab 
Oh , which one are you good at ? 
I use it , too 
Generally , I use matlab for analysis 
The diagram that I sent you earlier was in matlab 
I use mathematica for theoretical derivation 
Many people use python and R . They ’re not bad either 
Are n’t they very good~ 
My God 
These commands are all very complicated 
The formulae are complicated ...... The commands are simple 
I spent a week deriving this formula ...... 
Mathematica is like having a friend help you check the derivation 
... Yes ! 
We also learned it before ! 
Um 
I ’ll let you see the pictures that I took today 
I think they are really good 
Great 
Come on~ 
Was the light all right ... 
Yes , it was quite good 
The first one was excellent 
It will be perfect with a little crop rotate 
It is more difficult to do evening party photography 
However , it was quite good overall 
What is crop rotate ? 
Is it trim and turn ? 
It ’s post-processing 
Oh ! 
I just transmitted some pictures . You can take a look 
Okay 
Only one ? 
I ’ve learned how to use simple SLR now 
.... 
It ’s an album 
Yes ~ 
Search for composition skills 
Oh ! 
=Okay ! 
Um : 0 
Or search for New York photography tutorial 
Are you going to continue to run and do yoga tomorrow night ? 
hey 
I ’m sorry . I ’m a little late 
That ’s okay 
All right~ 
We ’ll get in touch when the time comes ~ 
I may be a little late like last time 
I have a pile of assignments 
Oh , okay . We ’ll talk tomorrow 
Good night 
Um , good night~ 
Ce Ce , Happy New Year ... 
Happy New Year~~~ It is night time here 
I thought you already went home 
My school started one month ago ... 
I =was ignorant again ...... [ emoticon ] 
What are you doing at home ? 
Just hanging around 
We celebrated the New Year today 
What are you doing ? 
We 've just finished our meal 
I 'm surfing the web 
Oh 
What do you =generally eat there ? 
More or less the same as at home 
Things we buy when we go to Chinese supermarkets 
We could n't get used to eating the things the Americans eat 
Bread and sausage do n't taste like the ones in China 
Oh 
Are the things in the Chinese supermarkets expensive ? 
How does Shangshang find it over there ? Has he settled in yet ? 
They 're actually quite expensive when you convert them to renminbi 
Shangshang finds it OK . I 'm sending him to kindergarten in a few days ' time 
Oh 
It seems he 's got used to it here even quicker than me or your sister - in - law 
How much money do you need to pay for the kindergarten over there ? 
850 US dollars a month 
And it 's not actually a good kindergarten 
He 's still quite young , but he has the two of you with him 
It 's not cheap , either 
It 's not cheap 
What 's my sister - in - law doing ? 
How much does your Internet connection cost where you are ? 
40 US dollars a month 
If you convert your expenditure over there into renminbi , it =all =seems quite expensive 
You ca n't work it out in renminbi 
Americans have high incomes , and so , relatively speaking , as far as they 're concerned , it 's actually cheap 
Um , =that 's true 
What are you parents up to ? 
They 're making pickled vegetables , and moving the jar into the kitchen 
After the New Year , when do you go back to work ? 
When does your sister go back to school ? 
I 'm leaving around the 10th after the New Year , and she starts school on the 16th 
Happy New Year ! 
Happy New Year ! Are you in America ? ( from WeChat : http://weixin.qq.com/q ) 
Yes . I 've been over here for 20 days already 
Are you relaxing at home ? 
Um , I 'm at home planning to celebrate the New Year . Which school ? 
The University of Pennsylvania 
Terrific , do your best there 
Visiting scholars ca n't do anything 
It would be more enjoyable celebrating the New Year with lots of people at home 
=Young lady , =young lady , when we got our assignments just now , we put our hands up together . Can I ask if you were listening to the host 's opening comments or to the voiceover in the middle ? 
The host ~~ 
OK 
I listened in full to the host 's opening comments ~~ 
= = 
Fine . I 'm still listening to what comes next ... The voiceover by Lang Sang = = 
Not coming back ? 
Celebrating the New Year outside ? 
Yes . We 're starting a new term 
… So miserable 
Happy New Year 
Yeah - - 
You too . Happy New Year 
Must be happy 
Haha , how have you been lately ? 
Still working at the original place ? 
Yeah . Pretty busy during the winter break 
Yeah . Everyone is busy 
Already a famous teacher now ? 
No ... An [ insignificant | soy sauce ] teacher 
You 're too modest 
No , very few classes 
A lot of them are 1 to 1 
Yeah . Slowly your reputation will be built 
That major of yours is for teaching classes in the future ? 
Still in a small - class model ? 
Will there be a lot of foreigners ? 
Foreigners ? Americans in America are n't foreigners 
There are nevertheless many Americans studying Chinese in the United States now 
But it 's mainly the Taiwanese people who deal with it 
Language education 
With English education as the focus 
Happy New Year ! Do they have Spring Festival overseas ? 
I ’m sorry .. My qq was stolen .. Who are you ? 
You can watch it online . Our school =happened to have a Spring Festival gala organized by the student association 
As it turned out , you do n’t know who I am all along ! I am your net friend 
..... 
Oh , have we chatted before ? 
It ’s New Year ’s Eve . You should be day time , right ? 
We chatted before .
That ’s right ! 
What ’s your name ? Perhaps I can remember 
My name is [ I do n’t know │ Buzhidao ] 
... I know that I have a classmate who has the same name as yours ... 
I know you ’re suncheng by looking at the prefix of your mailbox ... 
Hehe . My name is ^.^ [ Bright Moon Clear Autumn │ Langyueqingqiu ] 
I ’m not your classmate 
Yes , I know ! 
Only if I knew , I would have changed my remarks a long time ago 
How did you add that .... Do you work in Beijing ? 
I was in Beijing last year . I ’m now in Shenzhen 
I ’m attending graduate school at the Chinese Academy of Sciences 
Wow , are you attending graduate school at the Chinese Academy of Sciences ? 
Yes 
What are you studying ? 
Computer 
I am a second - year graduate student , same grade as you are 
I ’m sorry . I ’m video chatting with my family 
I ’ll chat with you later 
Happy New Year ! 
Nana , do you still have the link for the Spring Festival Gala ? 
I just watched it ! The Internet speed was okay 
Oh , thank you 
Haha , I ’m video chatting with my family . Happy New Year !! 
Haha , I ’m also video chatting with my family 
Happy New Year 
Are you there ? 
wangshiyan ? ? 
Silly girl 
[ My god | I go ] 
Go ahead 
[ Screw you | Your head ] 
My qq was stolen , and the name was changed 
Um . I seem to remember that . You are kevin 
Oh ? 
I ca n't find you at all 
.... 
You do n't care about me at all 
My account was stolen a long time ago 
Ah , why is that ? I was so worried about it 
In fact , I was very concerned about it in my heart .
(¯Q¯ ) ' 
Do you know the meaning of this emoticon ? 
I do n't know 
Go away .... 
You just type this single word 
And you will know 
Go away 
Sogou input method 
Do you have it ? 
Alas , when will you know my heart ... 
.... 
The same to you .
Happy New Year 
Wow !! 
What a beauty !! 
[ God | Faint to death ] !! 
There is a pair of holster trousers nearby 
My coat .
Ah ! Hey - hey 
Did n't you call Gang Zi ? 
The flower beside the collar looks nice ! 
He was answering the phone just now 
I did . Right 
He said that you just finished eating , and he was going to wash the dishes 
Right 
So I said I would call him later 
I 'm going home 
Ha - ha 
Valentine 's Day is also coming soon !! 
Sister Ran Ran , Happy Valentine 's Day !! 
It has nothing to do with me 
[ God | Faint ] 
... 
I have to go to sleep 
Ha - ha 
So early ... 
I am at home . You see .
It 's a good habit ! 
What gift did Gang Zi give you ? 
Hey - hey , it is so tender !! 
The warmth of milk 
How come ? 
[ God | Faint to death ] 
Call your old lover in a moment 
Ha - ha .
Hey - hey , um ! He is a new lover as well ! 
What should I give him as a present for Valentine 's Day ? 
I do n't know 
I do n't understand 
Gentle wind and tender rain in a full moon night . I hope fine moment and beautiful scene happens every year . Happy life follows every day . Winter and spring come and go like the fog dissipating , drifted are the years beyond the point of return . Enjoy your life to the fullest . Saying goodbye and wishing you safe . I wish you a Happy New Year ! 
Second cousin , Happy New Year 
Hehe , thank you ! 
I also wish you and your family a Happy New Year ! 
Are you at your paternal grandmother ’s house ? When can you do video chat at home ? I want to do video chat with you 
Oh , you can ask Brother Dong to use the computer 
Are you watching the Spring Festival gala ? 
Now 
Yes 
Are you watching it , too ? 
That ’s right . I just got up . It ’s 8:44 in the morning here 
Oh [ expression ] 
Are your father and paternal grandmother by your side ? 
No. I ’m at my maternal grandmother ’s home . I was at my paternal grandmother ’s home a few days ago 
Oh ! That ’s right . When will you and your father return to your paternal grandmother ’s home ? 
Tomorrow 
Okay 
Senior male fellow student 
Happy New Year 
Hehe , Happy New Year 
It ’s still night time there , is n’t it ? 
1:30 a.m. 
Fuck 
It ’s so late and you ’re still up 
It is 13 =hours behind Beijing 
Um 
I ’m still working 
Er 
I plan on going to bed after I finish organizing it 
Okay 
Doing experiment over there 
Is tough 
We do it from Monday to Friday 
Tomorrow is weekend and I want to have a gathering with the people who live with me here 
That ’s why I finish the work first so I wo n’t have any worries tomorrow 
Yes , right 
It is Mingmin who stays at the hospital this year 
Yes 
Right 
It was fucking awesome 
It will depend on you senior male fellow student next 
Ai .. I ’ll drift along here and see 
Um 
Who are the other PhD students who stay ? 
It seems that none of the Master students do this year 
Li Hao 
Yes 
It ’s still his senior male fellow student 
Li Hao has stayed . It should be that way 
Yes 
It ’s so fucking awesome 
The pressure is huge 
Anyway , you already stay at the hospital , what is remaining is to consider doing some topics and what not 
Yes 
Work on the articles first 
Apply for PhD first 
It ’s still too early for the topics 
That ’s for the PhDs to do 
Right , you still need to get a PhD .. 
I ’m a small Master after all 
I must get a PhD =first 
Only then can I continue to do it 
In that case , you still need to wait for a year , right ? 
I can only apply for PhD three years later 
You need to work for three years before you can do it 
Haha 
Um , yes 
Even though it is still early , 
I still need to prepare for it first 
You need to have an article within three years 
Yes 
That ’s right 
Senior male fellow student , are you doing basic experiment now ? 
Write about the previous summation .
Um 
All of them are basic here 
Right 
I ’ll work it out when I go back 
After that , I will see what is worth writing 
I ’ll strive to have one produced in 2013 
I can only write about this now 
Come on . Strive to turn pressure into incentive 
Yes 
Senior male fellow student , when are you coming back ? 
Is it for an entire year ? 
An entire year 
Um 
The conditions are very good here . Actually , if the topic is hopeful here , I want to continue to stay for a while 
Only that I do n’t have money . It goes against my expectation 
Yes 
Hehe 
Moreover , I ’m graduating . It will be good to go out earlier 
It ’s a waste of time in China 
That ’s right 
I ’m done being busy and am ready for =bed 
Happy New Year . Your work is set now . It will probably be more toilsome if you want to engage in many things .
Senior male fellow student , busy with your work first . Go to bed earlier 
Um 
However , articles always do no harm . Strive to have them written as soon as possible .
Yes 
Okay 
In addition , exchange more with the senior and junior male fellow students at the laboratory 
Okay 
Arrange it yourself . Exchange more with the boss as well 
Right 
I ’ll log off now . Happy New Year 
[ Goodbye │ 88 ] 
Happy New Year ! 
Happy New Year !!! Are you home for New Year ? 
No 
I 'm in Japan 
Dad ! The sound of the New Year 's firecrackers brings my sincere blessings ! Happy New Year ! Everything will go smoothly ! 
Son , happy New Year . May your entire family be full of joy . May you be blessed and in good health .
[ expression ] Did you hear the sound of the firecrackers ? 
Haha , yea ! I 'm about to go deaf ! 
[ expression ] What are you getting ready to do now ? Did you watch the New Year 's gala ? 
I did n't watch it . I 'm not very interested .
You 're not getting ready to sleep ? 
? 
Haha , I still have some energy ! I 'll sleep in a bit ! During the day I had a drink with dad , then fell right asleep ! Haha ! 
You 're getting ready to sleep ? 
I 'm in bed . The sound of the firecrackers has finally died down a bit . It was great to drive today . Nobody was out .
Haha ! There will probably be a lot of people tomorrow ! They are starting to pay New Year 's visits ! How about you ? Are you going out to visit anyone ? 
I want to . It 's good when the floating population goes back .
Yea ! You get some rest soon ! Have fun tomorrow ! Also , drive safely ! 
OK . Very happy .
Yea , good night ! 
[ expression ] Sweet dreams .
You too , good night ! [ expression ] 
Kid , miss you . [ Image ] 
Old Dad misses you too 
Where are you ? 
Wrong , you have taken advantage of Old Dad 
Old Dad misses you too 
I 'm in Nanjing 
Spending the Spring Festival in Nanjing ? The school is on vacation too .
You should go back and accompany your parents . I especially miss my daughter . I believe your parents especially miss you too .
Yes ! 
My thoughts are rather complicated too 
Heh heh , leave it at that first 
Rest early . Be well .
The same goes for Old Dad too 
I went back to Guangzhou for the New Year . Have you been back to Haifeng ? 
Where are you now , Hangzhou ? 
Ho ho 
I received your text message this morning 
I was thinking about installing a Feixin to reply to you 
but I forgot in the end 
I am in the U.S. now 
Oh 
You went to the U.S. ? 
To study abroad ? 
I came here to study for a year . I came here last December . It has been just 12 months 
Just 2 months 
Oh 
I did n't hear about that when communicating with you last time 
You suddenly went there 
Did you celebrate the New Year there ? 
You went there alone ? Or .... 
Yes . The tickets are too expensive 
I came alone 
Oh 
Did n't you have a holiday ? 
I am sponsored by the government 
Oh 
That is quite good 
There is no holiday in the U.S. 
You will become incredible after you come back later 
Ho ho 
This is very overrated 
You go there to get [ improved | gilded ] and you come back 
Is your father still fine ? 
He is fine 
Is there in the daytime now ? 
Have you got used to it there ? 
Are you studying for a PhD ? 
Yes 
It is half past twelve now 
Oh 
Have you eaten ? 
Have you got used ? 
After finishing the PhD , where do you plan to work ? Do you have any direction ? 
I am still busy 
Oh 
I will go to eat in a moment 
It seems that life is also not easy even there 
I have not decided yet 
Oh 
Do have contact with other people ? 
I called you today , but it said your phone was turned off 
I turned it off that night 
I thought it ran out of battery 
Oh , oh 
I did n't receive your short message until I woke up in the morning . You probably sent it in the afternoon 
I called Hui Lin but he did not answer . Maybe he was busy , too 
Um 
Did he return to Haifeng ? 
I sent it in the afternoon 
Perhaps not 
He should be in Shanghai 
I suppose so , but it is also very convenient if he has time to return to Haifeng 
Ho ho 
Have you been married ? 
Your brother should be doing quite well there , right ? 
He is doing fine so far 
What about you ? Did you just come back this year ? 
It seems that you did not come back last year 
I did n't return there this year , either . My mother is not in Haifeng 
She is in Shenzhen , so I did n't go back 
How are you doing now ? Are you in Shenzhen or somewhere else ? 
I am in Zhanjiang 
I did n't go back 
Have you been married ? 
Not yet 
You are not going to settle in Zhanjiang , are you ? 
Shu Zhen got married this year . You must know that 
It depends 
I was not notified 
Oh 
Perhaps she thought that you were too far away , and was too shy to notify you . You would not have gone back had she notified you 
I should contribute cash gifts as well . Did n't she inform you ? 
She did 
That 's right .
If she did not inform you , it means that she did n't want you to give cash gifts . It would be embarrassing to let you do so even when you could not go back 
Ho ho 
Does it mean that you went back ... By the way , how are you doing ? Are you planning to settle in Zhanjiang ? 
After you leave , will you return in the middle of the year ? 
I did not go back , but I am much closer compared with you 
Now I can only say that I have no problem feeding myself 
Maybe I will settle in Zhanjiang . I will see if I have any chance to go back to Huizhou 
I will not return until this December 
Oh 
Then there is still some time 
Ho ho 
Since you are alone out there , pay more attention to your body 
Have you been unacclimatized ? 
We have not seen each other for a long time 
OK , ho ho 
Yes 
It is time you went to eat , right ? Do n't make yourself starve . Go ahead with your business first . Let 's find some time to talk later . Give me a call when you are free 
OK 
You there ? 
Yea 
Can you send me some =money now ? I gave it to you a few days ago , I spent all of my =money these past few days , something happened , I do n't have enough money 
I 'm at home now . There 's no bank in my hometown [ expression ] 
Howabout you have your friend who can send it send some first , I 'll give it to you in three days at the latest , can you do that ? It 's just that I do n't have enough =money on hand 
How much do you want ? 
Is 500 OK ? I 'll give it to you in a few days 
OK . I 'll ask my classmate 
OK , thanks 
It wo n't work . They are all at home on vacation . Nobody has any money 
Oh 
What are you doing ? 
Yesterday I had too much to drink and smashed a restaurant 
What can I do ? 
I do n't know # 83 
Ah 
You 're really ... 
Ah 
You there ? 
Yea 
Brother Diao , I am planning on buying a computer . Do you have any recommendations ? 
I have n’t paid attention for a long time . However , buy a ThinkPad after you choose the configuration 
Oh , is this brand the best ? 
It ’s a little better for work . There is also distinction . The T series fits you 
The X series is 12 inches . It ’s relatively small 
Oh 
Brother Diao , you can go online there to check the Gold Egg Egg website . Can you give me some advice ? 
Gold Egg Egg ? 
Is it Newegg ? 
Oh , right , Newegg . I got it wrong 
Hehe 
Is it for your own use or ? 
It ’s for my personal use 
The color and what not does n’t matter 
Why do you choose pastel color ? 
I ’m not going to consider that first 
Consider the cost performance first 
My wife , my brother - in - law , and I had picked these few styles 
Check them first 
I ’ll go make lunch 
What time are you there now ? 
Oh , okay 
Are you going to bed ? 
10:00 at night 
Oh 
No problem . It wo n’t take long for me to take a look 
Good . Thank you for the trouble 
Thank you 
Computer purchase dilemma 
Hehe 
Considering the cost performance , the Asus one is very good 
3999 
Oh , that , okay 
However , it seems that you have to install the system yourself 
System ... They are all very simple .
Can I download it online ? 
You can 
Or do I have to go to the store ? 
Oh 
Generally , they wo n’t charge you a lot of money 
Oh , oh 
Money is minor instead . I only worry that I will install a pirate copy 
Oh , oh 
Okay 
If you want a genuine one , it ’s better to buy one with a genuine version . It ’s more affordable . It ’s very expensive to install a genuine version yourself 
Oh 
Okay 
Happy New Year . Wish you smooth sailing , [ a successful life | two dragons soaring ] , [ an auspicious beginning of the year | three rams bringing bliss ] , being well throughout four seasons , having five blessings descended on your house , [ having everything go smoothly | Double Six for great success ] , [ being blessed all the time | seven stars shining up high ] , collecting wealth from all directions , [ having everyone 's concerted efforts to help you | Double Nine for the same heart ] , being perfect in every way , being prosperous in all aspects , [ and having everything go as you wish | having auspicious effects in a thousand things and having good luck in ten thousand things ] .
Have you come ? 
I am downstairs . What time does it begin ? 
Do not forget to take pictures 
I brought the camera 
10 
What is the content of the meeting ? 
Oh , do we still need to make a speech ? 
It is said that it is just about the work plan , is n't it ? 
Oh , I see 
I already told you , did n't I ? 
You need to 
Can everyone sit in the conference room on the second floor ? 
OK , I got it 
Yes 
Hello rural laborer 
Hello 
Is it possible that you are playing games ? 
Haha , you guessed right 
LOL 
So happy 
Haha , I lost 
How have you been doing ? 
I ’m fine 
Only that I ca n’t make the experiment work 
Do you =have your own topic now ? 
I ’m still following the post-doctorate student 
A post-doctorate student 
An Indian 
Now , I ’m doing everything ... 
However , I ’m acting as an assistant , It ’s not mine .
I may be given a glorified name of “ joint first authorship ” in the end 
I think I wo n’t even have a “ joint first authorship ” 
I ’m doing the most work 
I think I wo n’t have it before I leave . I reckon it will only come out next year . The topic is very slow 
However , there are many chores 
Same as mine . The progress is slow 
All I can say is that I learn many things but one year is too short 
I ’ve already been there for over two months 
However , this thing needs the blessing from Heaven 
That ’s right . It ’s soon to be half a year for me 
Rural laborers , let ’s encourage each other 
I want to work on the ones in China and send them out but as it turns out , I find out that I do n’t have the time 
Mine has already passed the individual assessment for five months 
That ’s the opposite of what I ’ve expected 
I have n’t even started writing yet and I ’m graduating next year 
Are you talking about your thesis ? 
Do n’t you have enough articles ? 
They are experiments in China 
One of my articles is a newsletter of Senior Male Fellow Student Cai . I ’m not sure if it will work or not ? 
At any rate , the experiments in China will just go to waste if I do n’t write about them ... 
I am anxious but ca n’t do anything 
That ’s right . Therefore , I ’m bothered every day when I come home to cook 
Cooking makes me feel very happy . After cooking and eating and when I ’m tired , then I ’m bothered 
You ’re living in a studio , are n’t you ? 
Or are you renting an apartment with someone ? 
650 , hehe 
You can get a studio over there , right ? 
We can get a studio here for 650 . However , do you rent your apartment with someone else ? 
We still have a lab meeting tomorrow morning 
Is n’t tomorrow a holiday ? 
I rent it with someone 
We did n’t get the notification for holiday 
Has Qiwei contacted you ? Is she going to NIH ? 
I sent her QQ message and Fetion during the Chinese New Year but she has n’t replied at all 
I reckon she will go to NIH 
That ’s right . I left her messages , too 
There is a person here who looks like a relative of her boss 
A relative of Head Yao ? 
Yes 
That ’s great .. 
It ’s nice to be sent by the state .
However , I ’m not sure . It ’s a female student surnamed Yao . She holds a green card 
She is not sent by the state 
She comes here to live 
I ’m talking about Kiwi and you 
(( The two - year duration is not great though . )) I still want to come out after I go back 
We ’re also two years 
However , it is the U.S. policy , not China ’s 
You can extend Form 2019 
Then , it wo n’t matter 
It seems to have nothing to do within the school and the same laboratory 
You can extend 2019 for a maximum of five years 
Moreover , you can also apply for exemption 
Then , it is to get a job offer 
No. J1 ’s 2019 can be extended to five years 
I know about the five years 
Usually , you wo n’t have any problem applying for exemption 
Are you talking about waiver ? 
Yes 
Did you go out to have fun ? 
What do you think ? 
I did go to Chinatown to buy meat with my roommate 
I did n’t go to other places 
I spend my leisure time buying food and cooking 
... What are the interesting places there ? 
Other than that , it ’s all about work . If it were not snowing today , I would still want to go to the laboratory to analyze the 10 samples of the microCT 
I went to DC to casually walk around not too long ago 
The Liberty Bell and the Capitol 
I plan on a casual visit of DC , NY , and a few Eastern cities when the time comes 
I ’ll go watch a NBA match next week 
Who against whom ? 
Tell me when you go to NY . I can go with you 
Haha 
Are you going to DC ? 
Okay . The Wizards against the Rockets 
Not bad 
I also wanted to go last time when the 76ers played the Rockets 
The end of January .
I guess this will be my only cultural entertainment in the future 
Someone resold it for 20 dollars 
I did n’t have time to go 
I missed James last time 
Are you working by yourself now or do you have a post-doctorate student ? 
Does your boss push you ? 
Or are you pushing yourself ? 
Post-doctorate 
The boss does not push on the surface but she is resolutely serious 
I have to push myself 
Otherwise , she wo n’t think highly of me 
Then , you will truly have nothing 
My experiment is stuck recently . I ’m very irritated 
I ’m also irritated working on it , especially when I ’m doing the work for others 
Do you have a lot of Chinese students there ? 
Not too many 
Are there no activities among classmates and what not ? 
Church functions 
You ’re going to church 
I go there to look at beautiful women 
Do you have beautiful women at your church ? 
Or are they beautiful women in a broad sense ? 
They are all graduate and undergraduate students at the University of Pennsylvania . They are from many majors . A lot of them are quite good 
They are so - so 
There are also some who are not bad 
You can find one who has green card 
I get along well with the fellow townsmen from Guangdong 
Great 
The green card ones … 
There are two in our laboratory who speak Chaozhou dialect 
Amazing~~ 
There are truly many Guangdong people 
The ones I go to are all Guangdong churches 
Cantonese churches 
Are they churches that speak Cantonese ? 
Yes 
Amazing 
Thus , there are also many mixed 
And many who have green card 
Chaozhou mixed with Foshan ? 
... 
Oh , then you need to pay close attention 
Nonsense~~ 
Green card and mixed are the most important 
Are you single now ? 
How would other people take a fancy of me ? 
Why would n’t they ? 
We are PhD 
I ca n’t really say that I ’m single . I have a relationship with Xiao Shao but it ’s also confusing 
Sometimes , I ’m afraid 
I ’m afraid of giving promises and commitment 
Are you still having a relationship with Xiao Shao ? 
I thought you two broke up 
This is my personality 
Is it to cast a wide net and foster the key ones ? 
It ’s never crisp and clean . It ’s hard for both of us . It ’s really bad .. 
She is obstinate and I ’m immature 
However , I ’m the same , Scorpion 
I was dumped by Liu Wei 
She dumped me in a snap 
I only learned about this today ... I thought you and her are seeing each other in secret 
What are we doing in secret ? 
.. 
What are we doing in secret ? 
We simply do n’t know what status you are in 
We feel that it is very mysterious 
We had been dating for more than a year and a half 
When I came out , I was dumped . I ’m baffled 
... 
I originally thought that we would get married when I return 
This hurts a lot . Hugs 
She said that she fell in love with someone else , faint 
You just came out for less than two months . She is faster than you are 
Luckily , I felt very sad a few months ago but I ’m used to it now 
Um , life here is not bad 
I did n’t hear you mention it 
Otherwise , I would go visit you and go drink 
No. I still feel very lonely sometimes 
Um , you ’re welcome to come 
I ’ll go over to where you are when I have time 
Good , it ’s also good to come here 
I have beautiful women here 
If you have any travel plan next time 
You can tell me and we ’ll go together 
Yes 
Definitely 
I want to go to both NY and the West 
You must go to NY 
I have a Qpon Queen here .
She pays very close attention to discount information and what not 
Um , I particularly want to go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art 
I also have one here ... 
Sometimes , they have free megabuses 
I can ask =her to help get two tickets 
You can be ambiguous with her first 
She is of value 
When the time comes , you come to Philadelphia to visit first and then we ’ll go to NY 
(( I feel that my flaw is to have time )) 
Great . I have this intention 
Actually , we can either sleep on the same bed or sleep on the floor in Philadelphia 
It ’s up to you~~ 
However , the room is truly not big but it ’s well equipped . We can also cook 
It does n’t matter that I sleep on the floor . People from Wenzhou can endure hardships and are hardworking 
As long as we can have fun and there are beautiful women ! 
It ’s okay to sleep on the same bed as well 
At any rate , I have two blankets 
How do you pronounce this word ? 
It wo n’t be embarrassing 
ma 
Twin 
Good 
More than half in my laboratory are gay 
Only Cantonese say it this way 
You need to be =careful 
Nonsense … 
We have beautiful women here 
Even if you are gay , you ’ll become normal once you come here 
However , the beautiful women are all very busy 
I ’ll plan the experiment well and take time out 
Basically , they will probably have a little bit of time on the weekend . They are all Masters . They have a lot of assignments 
Right . Did n’t I hear that Shao had a boyfriend before I came ? 
Was it possible that it was you ? 
That was a long time ago 
It was in February and March 
She ca n’t think well either , can she ? 
She has a new idea every day 
Yes 
Depressing 
Originally , she gave me a very good impression . When I see how painful you were later 
I ’m very hurt 
I do n’t have a good impression of her anymore 
In fact , I ’m bad , too . When I refused her then , I should have stuck to it 
In the end , I had dragged on for more than a year 
What does she have to hesitate ? 
Is she worried that you wo n’t return to China ? 
She is worried that it will ruin her reputation 
She is the outside woman 
Is he at the (( Second Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University School of Medicine )) ? 
Yes 
Oh my God 
I ’m also an outside man 
And now , I ’ve become the outside man of the outside woman 
I was also the outside man of an outside woman 
It ’s too depressing 
When were you the outside man of an outside woman ? 
Xiao Shao found a junior male fellow student 
I did n’t know about it at all then 
.. 
Only after I broke up with Xuelian 
Did she tell me 
Was that a junior male fellow student whom you know ? 
I do n’t want to bring this matter up at all now 
No 
I do n’t know him 
I feel sad once I bring it up 
It ’s very depressing 
Therefore , I had n’t lived well for the entire 2012 
Thus , this love thing 
The simpler the better 
All the complicated ones have bad endings 
I feel the same way too 
However , I want to cool down for a while 
Um , next time you look for a girlfriend , either love or not love 
Yes 
Do n’t get into too many ex-boyfriends and ex-girlfriends 
That ’s right 
The matter with Xuelian made many junior high school classmates wanted to ignore me 
Besides , you can never beat an ex-boyfriend 
The senior high school classmates were surprised at me 
The college classmates were suspicious of me 
Oh , your matter saved me 
Thank you 
...... 
Hehe 
Originally , I thought that I was the most embarrassed one 
You outperformed me 
Yes 
This was one of the reasons why I did not hang out with you later 
Li Yi and what not all looked at me strangely 
That was why I did n’t want to go 
Well 
However , it was you who saved me indeed . Thank you again 
It even interfered with my proper business 
However , other than myself , other people all seem to have good endings 
What kind of proper business ? 
It was a mess 
Essays and experiments 
Is it true that you do n’t love Xuelian anymore ? 
I do 
Xiao Shao dragged in too many matters that made me feel more guilty 
Anyhow , I was the one who was wrong .
Xuelian was the most innocent one 
There is no right or wrong in this love matter 
Whether you love someone or not , you ca n’t lie to yourself 
Only that it needs time to build up 
Sometimes , you get an illusion 
As it turns out , you and Xiao Shao are still =good 
I thought you two broke up 
My personality is 
You still have a chance when you go back 
=Kind of 
Yet , I ’m not optimistic either 
Both our parents disagree 
I ’ll tell the truth . I feel that you do n’t particularly love her 
Otherwise , you wo n’t be like this 
That ’s right .... 
Perhaps , you ca n’t bear to turn such a girl down 
I (( feel )) very guilty 
If this is the case , let go as soon as possible 
It ’s very difficult for me to truly so called “ love ” a girl the way I loved Xuelian then 
My personal opinion is that her ability and personality ca n’t match you in the future 
Well ... 
[ expression ] It ’s purely personal opinion 
I feel that I ’m not too good either . I ca n’t make a prompt decision in many things 
However , you need to believe in certain things . This matter of love , outsiders can see very clearly but it ’s confusing for the insiders to deal with 
You ca n’t make the situation messy 
I heard a remark last time that I think makes a lot of sense 
Yes 
What is it ? 
Hesitation is good but hesitate while not being able to make a decision is bad 
Oh , wow , life overseas is very fulfilling . I want to calm down for a while longer 
Yet , there are temptations here as well . This is true 
I meant the female students 
(( There are , the choices are limited when you are abroad )) 
Things will happen if you spend every day together 
=A female student here has frequent contacts with me 
Thus , I ’m quite bothered sometimes . It ’s much better than when I was with Xiao Shao before . After all , I have things to do every day .
Sometimes , I do n’t want to get in touch but I ’m truly bored and lonely 
Hehe , it does n’t matter to you 
You ’re single 
I want to go back to find Weiwei 
Do n’t do that 
You ’re single as well 
However , Xiao Shao also chats with me every day 
Some people in the zone sometimes wonder my relationship status and I do n’t know how to answer either 
Novitiate 
Hehe 
I know a group of people here very well but I am close with ony two of them 
Are they girls ? 
Of course , they are girls 
Everything started normally . Later , a girl always gives me things to use and then I do n’t know what to do 
I reckon half of the things on my shelf were from her 
I found that Scorpion boys ca n’t tolerate girls treating them well 
Is she pretty ? 
I think that she is so - so 
The girl here is the same 
I ca n’t tolerate myself 
I ’m truly grateful that she is being nice to me 
After all , I did n’t deserve it when it first started 
I know 
She has given me a lot of practical things such as shampoo and shower gel 
Um , and then I return the favor . I send her SMS and call her and then it becomes increasingly ambiguous 
Hehe 
I ’m very busy indeed 
Thus , I seldom contact her anymore 
I know that you are capable of taking your mind off work once in a while 
Is she also sent by the state ? 
She studies Public Health 
In fact , I want to write my articles if I take my mind off work once in a while 
Is she single ? 
Hehe~~Actually , it feels very good sometimes but when I think deeply , I ’d better not harm other people 
She ’s single 
One time , she conducted an interview 
There are more than 10 people in the dormitory and she did n’t pick them but asked me 
That was how I found out 
There was an interview in her assignment . The questions were all about hobbies and marital status and what not 
Why was her interview your business ? 
You sure are the master of ambiguity 
It was to survey some habits in life 
Actually , I like that she is being nice to me a lot ... 
I ’m despicable ... 
I feel that I ’m the type of people who comes out to harm people 
She likes to be harmed by you 
This is how love is 
Do n’t talk about it anymore ... Actually , this is the trouble courted by being nice indiscriminately 
I was very cold to her last week . I found that she is not online this week . Oh 
She ’s invisible 
In the past , she was invisible but could be seen 
Now that you find that she is not =around , you feel lost 
A little . It ’s very normal .
She ’s also very capable 
Only that I wo n’t take the bait anymore . What have I already experienced ? This is such a small scene .. 
All I think is that I have her here whom I get along well with , whether it is ambiguous or not , it is actually quite good . However , I do n’t ’ want to make it complicated . I ca n’t stand it 
My life is easily 
Moreover , there is one from Guangzhou . We are all quite close . The three of us keep company or there is also our senior male fellow student and what not . It ’s safer 
Um , however , things develop differently from one ’s expectation sometimes 
Do n’t scare me .. 
Yet , my chance with her is slim . =She still wants to study for a PhD in the future , 
or to take the board exam 
I ’ll be back =already 
It ’s best to have a green card 
Great 
She does n’t have a green card 
You have no worries and your mentality is not as complicated as mine 
What I envy is =someone who develops a relationship nicely here 
My mentality is more complicated than yours . Besides , you have one 
I have nothing anymore 
You should console me 
Do n’t think that I ’ve freed myself 
Right , that ’s why I asked you to come visit 
I think 
I was planning on getting married when I go back 
This is truly not worth it 
Forget about Liu Wei ... 
I do n’t know her well 
But like you said 
Complicated ones will never have good endings 
I always think that Xiao Shao and I will not be together 
Every Valentine ’s Day 
I celebrated the [ Enemy ’s Day │Direnjie ] today 
I kept thinking about that she had been deceiving me for a year 
I did n’t mention the Valentine ’s Day at all this year 
Even if I chat with her 
The memory is painful 
What is “ Direnjie ” ? 
Enemy Day 
She is also taken for a ride 
I ’m going to take a bath 
I have a lab meeting tomorrow . I ’m going to bed 
Let ’s chat more in the future . Do n’t brood over things 
Good night 
Um , I wo n’t tell you not to tell anyone 
Once you say it , I ’m sure everyone will know soon 
No problem 
What ’s the matter ? 
I ’ll tell Shao Jingxin 
Saying that you mess around in the United States 
Great 
I did n’t mess around 
It will be truly messy once you say that 
Hehe , I encourage you to mess around 
I ’m leaving 
Go to bed earlier too 
=Good night 
Is that how you say it ? 
I have n’t used it for many years 
Who has the pps of Life Train ? Thanks 
What is Life Train ? A movie ? 
PPS , only I could n't download it 
A ppt with background music , right ? 
=Yes , do you have it ? 
Send it for me , [ emoticon ] 
It 's available on Baidu 
[ emoticon ] , [ picture ] , I know , I was unable to download it 
That 's why I am asking for help 
Accept 
Already sent , click Accept 
Happy New Year 
Where have you been for the New Year holiday ? 
What is CS ? 
It 's a bit difficult for me to take two to travel 
It is said that Thailand is pretty good 
Have you been to Hong Kong ? 
I actually want to take them to Hong Kong first 
We have been to Chime - Long twice 
It was indeed quite a fun 
For Chime - Long , three days of vacation will be enough 
Could there be lots of people ? 
It 's OK .
You need to line up for some programs , but in general , it is quite good 
What is cs ? 
I heard about it , but do n't know what it is 
Is it that gun - shooting ? 
Last time I took them to Shenzhen and had fun with it 
It 's electronic 
Yes , even coaches are all [ mediocre | buy soya sauce ] 
Hehe 
That 's no fun 
Back ? 
Back 
You ? 
Have a good time in your hometown ? 
Pretty good 
I came back to Wuhan on the third of the lunar month 
You ? 
That was early 
Why did you come back that early ? 
Then I went back on the 7th of the lunar month , and only came back yesterday 
Goodness 
Why ? 
Cousin ’s wedding 
When I was watching the Chinese New Year ’s Eve Gala TV broadcast , I saw someone who looked just like you at the event 
That was me 
Haha 
Was it ? 
Other people have said the same thing , I bet ? 
Not yet 
Only you 
Did you see yourself ? 
No 
When you see me you should call me 
So I can see what I look like 
It was in the stand up comedy segment “ Bu Lai Wo ” 
Actually performing a segment 
No , in the audience 
Hehe 
Did you not notice ? 
I was n’t really watching it 
Hehe 
Did your whole family go back ? 
I took the children back to our hometown first 
Shi Wei and Chen Gang did n’t come back till the 2nd of the lunar month 
Oh 
Senior , are you there ? 
Senior 
Open the lab meeting again 
?>> ? 
Yes , 
Wait a minute 
I sent it to you 
OK 
Thank you , senior 
I 'm going to the U.S. , too 
[ picture ] That is a must 
OK 
I am going to bed now 
OK . Thanks 
The fund application I wrote involved some calculations If I did n't put it right , I 'm worried that questions will be posed when they do the final review 
Another thing is , Teacher Li , could I add you in the fund application ? You do calculations , and it would be a great help to me [ emoticon ] 
If the application goes as we wish , we could have more cooperation with each other 
OK . Thanks [ emoticon ] 
You 're welcome [ emoticon ] 
Keep in touch 
Of course , it 's a function of the density 
This method is generally used 
They do it quite well 
Can we use this method for the location of the adsorption , the adsorptive capacity , and the potential energy of the adsorption following changes in the crystal structure ? 
OK . I 'll look it up 
Yes 
That 's really great 
I want to calculate these things using my fund grant , and I think it 's very interesting , and also very necessary 
Thanks 
Dude , have you had a professional title assessment this year yet ? 
I do n't have any English test result 
I do n't understand the calculation part . I 'm just worried I will explain it badly 
Have n't you sat for it before ? 
When you 've finished your writing , I can take a look at it for you 
I have n't sat for it before 
You can look up their PhD dissertations 
I 'm in the middle of submitting my manuscript right now 
OK . Thanks 
You submit your manuscript first . I must n't keep you from doing your real business 
Teacher Li . The teacher at Fudan is really terrific . 18 articles in JACS alone . Awesome 
He 's my classmate 's PhD adviser 
Very young 
Yes , young and promising 
OK , I 'll look it up by using the index 
Wang Zhenhua , can you have a look at the Beijing Raman spectrum model for me ? 
Thanks [ emoticon ] 
How are you over there ? 
I 've been fine recently . I was n't very used to it when I 'd just arrived 
Is it going quite smoothly ? 
Has your school started ? 
It 's OK 
I have n't actually done any experiments yet 
Not yet -- school officially starts next week 
Did you pass this year 's professional assessments without a hitch ? 
I have n't taken part in the assessments yet 
I have n't met the standards sufficiently , and Teacher Sun has asked me to work on building them up 
Can you do the assessment in 2013 ? 
If I do n't do well , I 'll have to wait another year 
I 'm going to have something to eat . Teacher Zhou , keep in touch 
OK 
If anything crops up , you can leave me a message 
OK . Go and have something to eat 
Oh , Happy Spring Festival 
Happy Spring Festival 
When did you return ? 
Yesterday , and you ? 
I came back as early as the sixth day of the lunar month 
Was everything OK back home ? 
Yeah , everything was fine , just that I would get lazy every time during the Spring Festival 
Have you gained weight ? 
Haha , it makes no difference 
Spring Festival ? Not sure . I guess I did n’t put on weight 
I gained a lot of weight during the winter though 
My old dad came to stay with me for over a month 
I gained ten catties gorging on food 
Haha , the meals cooked by your dad are delicious 
The main problem was we drank alcohol everyday 
You dad has a passion for that ? 
Yeah 
Haha , not bad , drink two taels at every meal to stay hale and hearty 
Haha . True , he does n't drink to excess 
Guess how many catties I weigh ? 
Yes , moderate drinking can actually benefit health 
You should n’t be heavier than my husband 
I generally do n't allow him to drink to excess . A little more than one tael , or two taels 
Do you weigh 170 catties ? 
All along I never did . I have always been around 168 catties 
Now I have made a breakthrough 
Haha , it ’s not bad , do you have a pot belly now ? 
Spring is around the corner , it happens to be the golden age for losing weight 
It 's not noticeable when I wear thick clothing 
How shall I reduce it ? 
Through exercises 
Do sit - ups and such 
Where do I find the time ? 
Look how busy you are 
I must take care of the child in the evening 
And cook 
You can exercise together with your child 
And even have fun together 
Haha , I think it will work 
My husband and I have long wanted to lose weight . When we went home this year , we were stung once again when everyone said we were fat 
[ Emoticon ] Do you fear getting fat ? It 's far better than being skinny 
You sound like my wife 
Haha , it 's better to be slim . Fatness is the start of aging 
Do n't frighten me . Seriously ? 
You 'll be OK so long as you maintain it and your pot belly does n't grow 
(( How to achieve this ? )) 
Regardless how fat you are , never grow a pot belly , which is the boundary between the young and the old in terms of figure 
In the past , no matter how heavy my husband was , he did n't have a pot belly . He started having a pot belly this year , so he has a strong awareness of the crisis . Same with me 
In that case it looks like I am old now 
That ’s also because one ages after all . But it 's better to let nature take its course , I think 
You think the pot belly would stop growing ? 
Without exercise , it will still grow 
Sigh , I have this premonition 
[ Emoticon ] It ca n't keep on growing forever , right ? 
Who knows ? 
Zhu Deyong 's cartoons are so vividly drawn 
In the United States ? 
Yes 
Happy New Year 
Happy New Year , hehe 
How long have you been there ? 
A month 
How is it ? Are you used to it ? 
I 'm still getting used to it 
Are you working ? 1 
Yes , it 's the third day after coming back here from home , a bit not used to it 
I ca n't get into the groove 
Is America good ? Hehe 
Did you go back to Lishu ? 
It 's OK here in the United States , but there are n't as many people as in China 
Hehe 
Yes 
Sikeshu , hehe 
Shi'ermajia 
Are you here ? 
Yes 
We will think about this when it grows up 
Hehe , the growth will be delayed if we do n't go to your place ... 
Hehe , is n't it so exaggerated ? 
Will you bring your kid here on Saturday ? 
You are delaying the growth of your kid 
Of course 
Every kid needs to come to My Gym once whenever there is a chance 
This is like building a house , the base needs to be built from childhood 
How tall and heavy is Ziqi ? 
How tall and heavy is Ziqi ? 
73 cm , 10 kg , maybe more , 
My daughter is 72 cm , why does she weigh only 8 kg ... 
Well 
I have been breast feeding her only 
Added complimentary food for a couple of days 
The same with my daughter , too 
Thin gruel 
And I have added complimentary food already , for over half a month , rice powder 
I 've added thin gruel for nearly a month 
Well 
I have just started adding it 
Never fed him with anything else 
Do n't you feed him with formula milk ? 
Breast milk , 
Do you also get up in the evening ? Will this affect your sleeping quality ? 
Breast - fed babies all love feeding at night , 
I 'll make up in the day 
It does not affect sleeping quality , really 
Oh , you have n't started work yet ? 
I have been breast feeding my daughter all along , that 's why she 's so fat 
I do n't work , 
I am a full - time baby sitter 
Does n't formula milk provide better nutrition ? 
What is better than breast milk ? 
Breast milk is the best food , 
Formula milk contains addictives , 
The closer to being natural the better , 
Manager Chen , how many jin is your =daughter now ? 
21 
My son is just 22 jin 
How did you feed her ? 
How tall is she ? 
77 
Oh 
She is pretty tall 
Ha - ha 
Nowadays , kids are too delicate to bear a blow 
Manager Chen , your daughter is going to make money again tonight 
Ho ho 
Are you there ? Manager Chen 
I want to ask if =our company still needs male workers or not ? 
We do n’t need anybody at the plant 
What about drivers ? 
Yes , we do 
We need drivers 
Ask him to come to the company for an interview tomorrow 
Are there any requirements ? 
Bring his driver ’s license 
What kind of license ? 
How long has he been driving ? 
The key is that he has to be honest and behave properly 
The most important thing is his character 
C license . He got the license in 09 . He is very honest 
Okay 
Ask him to come over tomorrow then . The car is the company ’s pickup truck 
Where does he live ? 
It ’s not Tai'erzhuang , is it ? 
Yes 
Oh , that ’s too far 
It ’s inconvenient to come to work 
That ’s right . I ’ll ask him 
Thank you 
Sure 
No problem 
Yes , I should be able to pass ... 
OK ~ Do your best ! 
I know ... 
OK , I know that you know all ~ 
In that case , quick , go and prepare for the interview . Do your best in the afternoon . You 're going to start your own life ! 
ok 
OK ~ I 'm going to do some reading , too , I must work hard , I ca n't set a bad example for you guys ~ [ emoticon ] 
You 're my idol ... Elder sister , you are always the best .
[ Emoticon ] Thank you ~ Yes , I have to work harder ~~~ 
Let 's work hard together and encourage one another ~ 
OK 
I 'm going out for food 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
OK ~ Bye - bye ~~ 
Senior~ 
Hello 
Did anyone in your class go to UVA ? 
Virginia ? 
Right 
I ’m not sure about that . It does n’t seem to be any . I ’m sorry 
Oh , oh .. No problem~ 
I just asked casually .. 
What does FW mean ? 
Is it an abbreviation like TA ? 
Fellowship ? 
I =think it should be fellow . Did you get UVA ? 
Yes .. 
I ’m not sure how the school is 
Let me congratulate you first . I also wish that you have better offers later~ 
I ’m not quite sure either . You can check its main page . Send an email to the Chinese in their Physics Department to ask . They will generally reply to you . You do n’t necessarily have to find those who are from Nanjing University 
Thank you~ [ Emoticon ] 
Okay~ 
No problem . Good luck~ 
Your holiday is still not over ? 
Yes , I will start working on the 14th 
Hehe , so cool 
I have already been bored , I envy those who are working 
Have you gone back to Shanghai ? On which day of the Chinese lunar year did you start working ? 
On the 10th day of the Chinese lunar year 
Ah , it was also pretty late .
Yes , it was three days later than normal , it was pretty good 
Yes , yes .
I need to go out and take some money . I will drink at a friend 's wedding feast . Chat with you next time 
Have you started work ? 
Yes , long ago 
Did n't you start work on the 12th ? 
The 10th 
Well , (( did you have two days , )) 
Did you get any red packet on your first day back to work in the company ? 
No 
Are you here , teacher Wang ? 
Yes 
I want to ask you things about the sixth Youth Games [ emoticon ] 
Has the registration started ? 
The registration is over 
It 's already over ? 
The eligibility assessment is almost over 
Really ? 
Where was the notice sent to ? Why have n't I seen it ? 
It was not sent to clubs , it was sent to the sports bureaus of each district and county 
Whom was it sent to in high - tech district ? 
I have no idea , the Municipal Bureau of Sports sent the notice to sports bureaus of each district and county and did n't process it through us 
[ Emoticon ] Fine 
Sorry for the trouble 
Why do n't you add my daughter 's QQ , [ Cannon | Da Pao ] ? 
I do n't know her number 
She has added you already 
Ni Bu Luo Luo 
? 
What 's up ? 
Dear , I ’m a little confused . Why was I paid for only one month ? 
I do n't have Little Zhang ’s [ QQ instant messenger number | ball ball ] 
For which month were you paid ? 
The salaries for January have n't been calculated yet 
I was n’t paid for the period before November and December , but I was paid 2,000 this time 
It should be for December ’s , right ? 
I ’ll give you Little Zhang 's [ QQ instant messenger number | ball ball ] so that you can ask her ? Or should I ask her for you ? 
I 'll give [ Young Girl | Shaonü ] a call 
Yeah 
I ’ve asked her 
Short paid by one month ? 
They forgot me when paying out , and now there ’s no more money after paying out 1 month 
Yes 
They forgot you ? 
Dear , send me Little Zhang 's [ QQ instant messenger | ball ball ] number . I =must ask her about the situation with salaries that have n't been drawn and those that have n't arrived at recipient accounts . Zhang asked about it before the Spring Festival 
Master 's CV [ emoticon ] 
That little rascal , Xi Ruohang , did not take the food with him 
Hahahaha 
[ Dumbass | SB ] 
Eat at my place tomorrow noon 
A lot of leftover 
OK 
I 'll fry rice for you 
Sure ~ 
Send Master 's CV [ emoticon ] 
Has he said yes ? 
Are there other good stuff ? 
He asked you to send it to me 
That 's all 
Haha 
I also managed to get it yesterday 
I strongly suggest that you change your avatar 
I ca n't bear to look at it directly ... 
No 
Let 's be [ silly | 2 ] together ~ 
Come , come , come 
Little Wei , are you there ? 
I need help 
What is is ? Please do n't say it 's translation 
OK , then I wo n't ask 
See if there 's a problem with my translation 
Just overall 
The translation is pretty good 
Oh , OK 
I was n't sure about the last sentence just now 
Start from oversee 
My head is big from reading translations now 
OK , I wo n't disturb you any more 
Take care of your family 
There is a problem in the later part 
Oversee is translated incorrectly 
How should I translate it ? 
Why ? You came from professional translation training , how could you have a headache from reading it for a while ? You should be very happy [ expression ] 
I should be , he directed the standards for the translation of these Baroque works and wrote several of the chapters and related journal articles 
Oh , I see , I was confused for a long time about this 
Oversee means to supervise 
Right , supervise 
But I feel the Chinese is strange to translate it as oversee the translation , but of course this translation will do 
But the key is that the subject of oversee is Spanish versions of ... 
Key is 
If you follow your translation , the subject should be this person 
Oversee is connected to this sentence 
You are too confused 
You 're so great [ expression ] 
Haha 
Professional training is professional training 
Haha 
Ah , I 'm flattered 
Flattered about what ? 
I welcome these kinds of questions , just do n't throw something to me to translate 
It 's so annoying , translation is physical labor 
Yea , how could I do that ? 
I 'm not that shameless 
Got it 
But I really like translating , haha 
What do you usually check if you do n't know what a word means in a sentence ? 
Just read it a few times 
That means the dictionary is in your head 
People with average ability ca n't figure this out [ expression ] 
Your avatar really looks like you 
Who drew it ? 
I made it on qq 
Oh ? It has this function ? 
Where ? 
I 'll make one too 
Personalize qq avatar 
QQ show 
Soga is really magical , it feels really lifelike , the expressions are really accurate 
The hairstyle is n't right 
It 's just a hairstyle , haha 
The hair is shorter now 
Yea , you can change it to be like this 
This way looks more experienced 
How is it ? 
Now my hair is like a man 's head 
You can change it to the hairstyle in the avatar 
This hairstyle is from a few months ago 
Ah 
How come I have n't seen the photos you sent ? 
It 's there 
There 's a bunch in the space 
This hairstyle with suitable clothing looks really experienced and insightful 
Yea 
OK 
It means you have n't paid attention to me for a long time 
I 'll take a look when I have time 
There are also some in the school 
No , I saw the picture where you are wearing a hat and wrapped up like a zongzi 
Oh , " latest " in QQ space 
Can you connect the photos ? 
I 'll send you some 
OK 
Good 
The network speed seems very slow 
Yea , why do n't you send them all to my inbox ? 
Do n't send them to the qq inbox , it 's infected and I have n't used it in a long time 
Use your qq inbox to send them to my current inbox 
Find them yourself int he space , they are all there 
Haha 
Haha , this one looks like it can be sent over 
This dress is so short [ expression ] 
Change your =glasses , to ones with black frames 
They will match better 
Oh , I did n't send this one to the space 
It 's shorter now 
Hair 
The others are pretty good , it 's just that the red =glasses do n't match 
It would be good to change colors , it would be very fashionable overall [ expression ] 
Haha , I want to change to contacts , actually the glasses should be based on the clothing 
Send it again , I pushed the wrong key just now 
Such white legs [ expression ] 
Taking the sexy route now 
I 'm wearing socks 
Taking the idiot route now 
OMG , eyebrows , they look just like Crayon Shin - chan 
So cute 
Why cut your hair during winter ? 
What is the difference between band and orchestra ? 
I know the second one is an orchestra 
One is more refined , one is more popular 
My feeling 
The latter is more refined 
Oh , but separate them with a comma when translating 
Professors' chorus , small band , and orchestra ? 
Popular band , orchestra 
Band 
Soga 
That 's the first time someone said I looked like Crayon Shin - chan 
Where can you find these minor differences ? 
Haha 
Very cute 
Argh 
Usually check the English explanation 
This is a direct transliteration 
First check whether there is a fixed Chinese translation 
If not , then make one yourself 
Do n't translate it to ransom Everglades University ? 
Where do you check whether there is a fixed Chinese translation ? 
Do you have a designated more authoritative dictionary ? 
No 
Then how do you know whether there is a special Chinese version , check online ? 
Google 
OK , translation really is physical labor , haha 
I 'm going to sleep 
Have a nice nap 
Yeah , OK 
Have a good rest , lucky kid 
It 's 12:30 here 
At night 
Goodnight 
Bye bye 
Brother , are you working today ? 
No. I 've come to see whether Fuli is online or not 
Fuli took her boyfriend back home with her this year to celebrate the New Year . Old aunt and old uncle did n't like him , and then after Fuli and he went back to Harbin , they have n't been able to contact her .
That man is in the same company as Fuli , 22 this year , and 5 years younger than Fuli . His family lives in Suileng village in Suihua . There are two brothers in the family , and his elder brother runs a restaurant and was sentenced to ten years ' imprisonment two years ago for battery , and is now serving his sentence in prison . His brother has a 7 - year - old daughter , who is being raised by his parents , who are now working in Harbin city , staying in a rented apartment . He also lives in a rented apartment . That man dropped out of senior high school to go outside to work . That 's basically the situation . Old aunt and old uncle would not agree to it because that man 's economic circumstances were poor , his educational level was low , and he is even much younger than Fuli , and the family situation is complicated .
Fuli has been going out with that man for six months now 
Old aunt now ca n't work out =what Fuli 's view on it actually is . Old uncle may have put it a bit too strongly , and so she 's switched off her cellphone . But old uncle is worried and anxious now . He said that if he can not get in touch with her tomorrow , he wants me to go to Harbin with him to see her ... 
I knew some of that , but I did n't know their family was in that situation 
and Fuli only told me when I asked 
Old uncle will not agree to that now .
I know old uncle will not agree 
Fuli is really stubborn 
She wo n't necessarily listen to old aunt and old uncle 
Right . The key thing is her cellphone is not switched on , they ca n't contact her , and old uncle is concerned 
Have you met that man ? 
I have n't met him 
Brother , can you call this phone number ? 0451-87955000 
It seems that is the phone number where she works 
There should n't be a problem . She 's just in a strop 
Do n't put too much pressure on her . If you pressure her too much , it will lead to even more trouble 
=If only 
OK 
I 'll make a call 
Right 
Brother , Fuli is online , but invisible 
Never mind . There 's no need to worry 
Will you be able to talk to her ? 
Yes 
Fuli has just called her family 
Give old uncle a call 
Try it and see if it works 
Ah , I 've made a call 
There is no one in old uncle 's home right now 
Since nothing has gone wrong , I 'm now relieved 
I need to talk to you about something 
Here 
What 's up ? 
How did you spend the Lantern Festival ? 
Switch on your cellphone , or else my old uncle will come to Harbin 
I 've called 
When did you call ? 
I 'm staying at the company 
Just now 
Did you call my home ? 
No 
In that case , how do you know ? 
Your phone is off all the time . My old uncle is worried . He called my second eldest brother , saying he is coming to Harbin tomorrow 
Tell me what you think about your partner 
Oh oh 
I do n't know 
There is a conflict 
Neither of them agrees 
When you called , was there someone at home ? 
Yes 
My mom took the call 
Your family disagrees for your own good , you have to understand 
But getting a partner is a huge thing , a big event with a lifetime at stake 
You must be careful and consider properly 
There is no pure love . You must consider the other person 's family background and conduct 
I believe you understand all these and do not need me to say it 
Sigh 
Frustrating 
Meaningless 
Not frustrating , what 's there to frustrate you ? 
Actually , parents are always right in many situations 
They are truly good to you , no one else will do the same 
I know 
When it comes to finding a serious partner , you must consider whether you two 's personalities fit and whether you have common hobbies . You must also consider how your life will be in future 
Not easy 
Whatever 
If they say no , we 'll just break up 
No whatever , you have to make the big decisions yourself 
Decide what ? 
You do n't have to decide now 
Cool down for a while 
For example , decide three months later 
Just cool down 
Why three months ? 
Haha , you 'll be cooled down by then 
You wo n't let your feelings get the upper hand over you 
Hehe 
Let 's see how when the time comes 
Everyone says that when finding a partner , it has to be someone suitable 
This suitability actually applies to many things 
Think about it more and then decide 
But no matter what , do n't act on impulse 
Do n't behave like a child 
I do n't know now 
Neither of them agrees , so what 's there for me to =decide ? 
I 'll break up =when the time comes 
Eldest brother is calling 
You still have to decide for yourself when it comes to your own affairs 
Your parents worked hard to put you through school simply because they want you to have a good life . They do n't want you to suffer twice . You have to understand 
Yes 
Hi , my little girl 
Wake up 
Mommy will have a look and go to bed after that 
Hi , my little girl 
Mommy 
Yes 
I 'm at the library 
OK , let me take a look , do n't talk 
OK , good night 
My little girl 
Little Zhai , this is Teacher Zhou 
Many of the films =sintered by Wu Xiaoyan came out wrong . May I trouble you , if you have time , to show him once again how to do the tape - casting ? You can use your tape - casting formula 
Many thanks 
Um , OK , no problem , Teacher Zhou . Haha .
Thanks 
Teacher , saying that makes me feel almost flattered ! 
OK – I wo n't stand on ceremony now 
Has school started officially today ? 
Um , yes 
I hope you guys obtain great results in the new semester 
I 'll review my English in the morning , and go do more experiments in the afternoon and evening 
Haha , thanks , Teacher .
Teacher , you 've all started doing regular work now , I expect ? 
Yes . We 're in the lab doing experiments now 
In that case , what could you do with Zhou Shang ? 
He 's been sent to kindergarten 
Haha , he 'll have to speak English in the kindergarten 
He 's learning it now 
He can only say a few sentences 
But he is very happy 
Really great .
Little children learn quickly 
Yes , and it 's a larger environment for English , he should become familiar with it quite quickly 
He 's very happy to go to the kindergarten every day 
Teacher , are you doing your own experiments over there , or those connected to their project group ? 
It 's connected with them -- a project I 'm quite interested in 
The atmosphere in the lab over here is quite good . The supervisor is also an especially nice old man 
And one with great scholarly erudition 
I really admire him 
Haha , I envy you , Teacher .
If one could really go and join a project group that are broad - minded and erudite , it would actually be a real pleasure to do scientific research .
Yes 
Scientific research would not be so depressing 
Teacher Sun should be holding a meeting with you guys today , right ? 
I do n't know .
I have n't been to the lab .
Haha .
I am reviewing for my doctoral program admission exams 
Oh . When are the exams ? Which school are you sitting the exams for ? 
I have n't finished my experiments , and I do n't want to graduate just like this , so I want to continue working on solid oxides . I 'm just sitting the admission exams for our lab .
They are being held on March 30 
Oh , I wish you all the best 
There 's no connection between taking your doctoral program admission exams and doing your experiments , is there ? Hehe 
Haha . There is a connection , Teacher . I want to finish doing these experiments , and then think about something else .
I 'm not daring enough to postpone them 
After much consideration , I 've decided to do my PhD here . I 'll study for a year or two , and then go abroad .
When the time comes , it would be OK to go as an exchange student on behalf of the school 
What was the project Teacher Le gave you again ? 
Oh , Teacher Zhou , do n't bring up the project . I 'm in a complete mess at the moment .
I do n't even know what I should do next 
Oh , I 'm really depressed .
Why do n't you discuss it with Teacher Le ? 
Yes , I 'm going over to discuss it with the teacher this afternoon .
Teacher , is it around 10 o'clock in the evening where you are now ? 
Yes , 13 hours behind you over there 
Sunday evening 
Haha , Teacher , in that case I wo n't disturb you any further . Let 's chat later ! 
OK 
Happy New Year , bro ! 
Hehe , happy New Year , bro [ smiley ] There was another big snowfall in Beijing 
Really ? You should take care to stay warm , then 
I got back from Henan a few days ago . I ’ve only seen thick settled snow there .
I ’m used to it , actually . Hehe . I suggest you go to the northeast to look at the snow . Jealous of the bright sunshine where you are 
Henan ? Traveling for work ? 
To be honest , I ’ve been here so many years , when I go back for Chinese New Year I ca n’t get used to it at all 
No , my elderly father - in - law was in the hospital , went to visit him ! 
Haha , it ’s not just you who says that . Everyone says that their hometown is cold and dirty , but your roots are still there . It ’s a lifetime connection . Your wife ’s from Henan ? There are a lot of people who marry women from the north 
Haha , that ’s true ! The women in Yongxin did n’t want me , so I had to go and find someone from out of town ! Ca n’t stay single forever , can you ! [ smiley ] 
The bigger the geographical gap , the smarter the kids will be . You ’ve got vision 
If that ’s really true , then it makes up for the unfortunate problem of not being able to get a wife locally [ smiley ] ! 
Where does your husband come from ? 
His family ’s from Chongqing , he grew up in the northeast . So he ’s both a refined southerner and a northern stand up guy 
[ smiley ] , so you ’ve got an even better eye for the long term strategy ! [ smiley ] 
Fools get fool ’s luck [ smiley ] 
=Dear 
I heard that you chatted with Sasa happily 
Hehe , just chatted , very [ awesome | giving power ] , (*^ _ _ ^*) Hihi .... 
Hahahaha 
Is n’t it 
Have you chosen your clothes ? 
I seems that [ the most handsome boy in our class | class grass ] has become a dad 
Shocking news , shocking news 
Is n’t it 
Gege came here on Sunday 
[ The most handsome boy in our class | class grass ] said no 
Oh ? 
Then what on earth is that ? 
That message belongs to long long ago 
I let you have a look at the chatting records between Sasa and me 
So inspirational 
Wow 
You are off work now 
So cool 
Yeah , I am arriving home [ emotion ] 
I am still staying in the office working hard 
Do you know how the institution reform will go on ? 
I do n’t know 
I have n’t heard about it 
I heard that our institution is going to be transformed into an enterprise 
Then is this good or not ? 
Work would be more stable in institutions 
But salary may be higher in an enterprise 
Then there will be no difference in the regimentation 
Registration for institutions will begin tomorrow 
Will you take the exam ? 
Have a look at the positions first 
Are you there ? 
I am going to the meeting now 
Chat with you after a while 
I have been at the meeting for the whole morning 
My waist hurts after sitting long 
The main content is ? 
Just had a look at the positions ...... 
Listen to the reports of the chiefs 
Then 
Which one were you interested in ? 
Can I directly register when the condition is not sufficient ? 
The positions I was interested takes conditions ...... 
It seems no 
It will be reviewed after your registration 
Just register like this , just in this way 
Ah , you have already registered 
Which one did you register ? 
I have n’t registered yet and I am now dealing with the photos 
The one concerning the Jianghan District project 
Is that =directly under the city or directly under the district ? 
Directly under the district 
Well 
I deleted it since it needed Computer Skill Level 2 
Do n’t we have three years ’ work experience ? 
No , not yet 
Is three years ’ work experience compulsory in some places ? 
Yeah 
Three years ’ work experience is needed for some accountant posts in some places 
Is n’t this just unfair for us , two year last year , and three years this year 
In the institutions directly under the city 
=Dear 
I do n’t want to live 
Why 
Too much work 
I do n’t want to work 
=Damn it 
What the hell 
Is n’t it 
Is n’t it 
I ca n’t survive 
[ Emotion ] Actually , actually , actually 
Annoying 
Lots of fucking thing are coming after this morning ’s meeting 
Perhaps tomorrow will be a busy day for me 
Are you off the work 
Dear 
Yes 
You have a cool life 
I envy you , I am jealous of you , I hate you 
Leave the office , do you get overtime payment to work overtime ? 
[ Impossible | Ghost ] 
Still overtime payment 
There is even no overtime meal 
There are lots of things to do when there are so many people registering 
That is true 
The same for me , always busy 
Alas 
=Dear 
Will you buy the underwear ? 
What an underwear ? 
Underwear , dear 
Is there any kind for an underwear ? 
I want to buy one that can fix well 
La la ah la 
Let ’s go and have a look on March 8 
I bought a Wacoal last year 
I blended it in the washing machine for a whole year 
And the steel ring is =not damaged 
OK 
Let ’s go together 
Dear 
I love you most 
Hahahaha 
You will get 20 % off if you buy three in Wacoal 
OK , let ’s have a look , dear 
The brand is not the key , we should find a suitable one 
Well 
But some brands just make little cups 
Like that EBLIN 
It ’s absolutely impossible for us to wear that 
Are you there~~~ ? 
Yes 
I have n’t seen you for a long time~~ 
Um , yes~~ 
When you applied for joint training last year , did you need the recommendation of your instructor in China for the online application ? 
Yes . At that time , I wrote it and asked my instructor to help copy it 
It was mainly to explain the referee ’s academic and professional standards , development potential , overall qualities , foreign language skills , necessity and feasibility of researching and studying abroad , and plan of usage after returning home 
Is your draft still there ? 
Not necessarily .. 
Er .. 
I ’ll look for it 
Um , yes 
I need to check the email for that 
Okay~ 
Actually , the one that my teacher copied should be on the cabinet in my dormitory 
As for the electronic version , it ’s not very complete since I dumped some information in between 
Then , I ’d better write it myself ... 
Haha 
Thank you~~ 
Have you asked Chen Yan ? I edited and rearranged the personal summary with the research and study plan to make one at the time 
You ’ve filled so much information out already . It ’s very simple to copy and paste 
She said just write something casually 
Okay .... 
At that time , I wrote it during the Chinese New Year . I cleaned out the computer data once after that . You knew about it then 
I did n’t know what it was 
Got it~~ 
I only have one joint training file now but I found that it is not the most recent one . It is all transferred from the mobile hard drive 
Oh , oh 
It ’s not difficult . You need to be concise and substantial . Otherwise , it will be very tiring for your boss to copy 
My boss simplified a lot for me then and it still took (( about )) 20 minutes to copy 
Then , I ’ll write that thing myself first . It ’s hard to see my teacher . I need to finish writing it in an hour and rush to the hospital for him to sign 
I ’ll do it now 
Okay 
Good luck~~ 
Send me your address when you have time . I ’ll send you a postcard 
It ’s just Huajiachi~~ .
Thank you~~ 
Are you there ? 
Hi 
Hi ! May I ask you when the professional certificate can be picked up ? 
In the middle of March . Have you =checked the results ? 
check 
Yes 
Hmm , in that case , just wait and I 'll notify you 
OK , thanks 
Is 68 a passing grade ? 
Is it advanced or intermediate ? 
Advanced is 75 and above ; intermediate is 60 
It 's the one that can replace the home study examination 
Yes 
Is it advanced or intermediate ? 
Is this exam you took for the bachelor 's degree ? 
If yes , it 's advanced 
Oh 
Uh-huh 
Does it mean 68 is a fail ? 
In that case , when is the retake ? 
What happens to those who failed ? Can they retake the exam ? 
Yes , they can retake the exam , in June 
Only two exams per year , in June and December 
Register in March 
The retake fee is 200 yuan 
OK 
Need your information , a photocopy of your identity card , and two 1 - inch photos and two 2 - inch photos 
OK 
When do I give them to you ? 
Next week 
OK 
I 'll get my girlfriend to bring them to you , I 'm out of town 
OK 
Zhang Zhixiang 
How 's the passing rate this time ? 
Quite high , 90 % 
Oh 
In that case , let me know when it is time to register 
Thanks 
Hehe , at work now ? 
Yes : ) 
Are you at a publishing house ? 
Yes , Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences Press . I 'm planning to have a baby in two months , hehe 
Hehe , started planning , huh ? 
Reached that age , no choice 
I was also 31 years old when I planned to have a baby 
You had natural labor ? 
Yes 
So good 
I also want natural labor 
This only - usually it 's up to you 
It depends on the position of the fetus 
Go for natural labor , if possible ; otherwise , go for cesarean section 
Do n't force it 
Uh-huh , yes 
We were talking about how nice it would be to have one more , that 's why I want natural labor , so it wo n't affect the next one , hehe 
Thinking too far ahead , right ? 
Yes 
I 'm thinking the same thing recently 
The only thing is , I 'm not an only child , either 
Under the existing policy , I can only go abroad to give birth 
Everyone is saying that the policy is getting more and more lax 
I heard it too . If possible , it 's better to have one more 
Women forget about the pain when their scar heals 
Yes , yes , how true this saying is 
Childbirth is very painful , be it natural labor or cesarean section 
What 's past is all forgotten 
When I was giving birth at that time , I just said I would never want to do it again 
I had never had so much pain 
Yes , it also shows that the baby is bringing you a lot of joy right now 
When your parents get older and older , you will feel that , in this world , only your baby belongs to you . This is only when he is young 
But when the baby grows up , you will realize the baby actually does not belong to us 
Yes 
Therefore , many adults feel a sense of loss 
As such , in this life , no one belongs forever to anyone , it goes phase by phase 
Yes , I 've been going through ups and downs in this sense of loss all the time , hehe 
It 's much peaceful at my home now 
I looked back at it later on and realized I might have thought a bit too much 
Yes , it takes two hands to clap . But after all , all of us want to have a good life 
But , it is because the objective living environment has changed 
But sometimes , I feel that one 's space for freedom , especially on a spiritual level , shall not be invaded 
In other words , my original intention is to not want my tempo to be disrupted 
But that 's only from the time when I went to university to the time before I gave birth 
After that , new roles enter and everyone has to accommodate , regardless of who you are 
Yes , the relations we have in our day - to - day life are the social relations closest to us 
Right after I got married , I felt very unhappy 
Yes , I remember you saying that 
Because I felt as if I got it all through me making accommodations for the sake of overall interests 
I was doing fine before , but I have been feeling very troubled just these six months 
But later on , I changed my perspective and realized it 's actually a reciprocation process 
Yes 
There is always give and take . If everyone refuses to yield , there will definitely be a fight 
That 's how it goes 
But , to tell the truth , it is said that conflicts are always most concentrated during the period after childbirth , and it will be fine once this period passes 
Yes 
I was n't prepared earlier on 
Yes , a very wonderful state , I 've always been envious 
When something reaches its limits , it goes the other direction 
It ca n't always be very good 
Nor will it always be very bad 
It 's not either , after all , the foundation is good 
Yes 
Hold on 
I also hope that I can try as much as possible to think on the positive side 
What bad guys did you run into ? 
Bad guys on the bus , I did n't drive because of the heavy fog , from now on I 'll drive no matter how heavy the fog is [ emoticon ] 
Have you lost anything ? 
No 
I discovered in time , so it was good 
Well 
Drive slowly if the fog is heavy 
My mother - in - law did n't allow me to drive because she felt the fog was too heavy , so I did n't drive 
The bus is so unsafe now ? 
Well , . I do n't know , I have n't taken the bus for a long time 
I ran into bad guys the very first time I =take the bus 
It means you are not lucky today 
Dear , send me the mobile number again 
15666660987 . I ’ll curse the mobile phone thief together with you 
Yeah right , curse his entire family ! I am so furious 
LOL 
You husband has a nice shape … Like me 
LOL , he is thinner now , thinner than in the photo , the exercise paid off 
One year at the gym really works 
Unfortunately I do n’t have time 
Is he a Shanghai native ? 
Oh , so you are preparing to stay in Shanghai ? 
About this , I do n’t know yet 
I ’m not sure about the future , but it ’s very likely 
Do n’t you stay where you purchase the house ? Where are you planning to buy hour house ? 
We do n’t need to , he has a house , left to him by his parents and grandparents 
Well , that means you are staying in Shanghai 
I am not sure about this yet 
Well … that ’s true , you are still young , and there is no need to determine the future so early 
Well yes , you are right 
So are you studying or working now ? 
Working , but I am still studying for the bachelor ’s degree 
What job , how ’s the career perspective ? 
CAAC Eastern China Administration Bureau , I want to take the exam to join regular payroll staff after I get the bachelor ’s degree 
Are you qualified after getting the bachelor ’s degree ? The exam is very difficult 
Right right , you must have a bachelor ’s degree or above to take the exam for the civil servant 
OK , what ’s your job responsibility 
Therefore I am working in the bureau , just to get acquainted , is n’t the exam simply about answering questions and writing essays 
Right , you have to establish good relations with everybody 
This is much more important than getting a higher score 
I work in Navigation Management Section , and is responsible for air traffic control , airport , and flight dispatchers 
Yes right 
Why did n’t you take the exam for air stewardess ? 
I was already at the round of reexamination when many people advised me not to go , saying that it was no good overdrafting one ’s youth 
Some flight crews have hidden rules 
Yes , that ’s true 
The salary looks good , but it can not last long 
The career perspective has always been looked down 
Air stewardesses usually cease flying and turn to ground services after reaching a certain age , although still staffed employees , but there are no fixed =holidays 
holidays 
holidays 
Yes 
I still prefer to be served by others 
Who does n’t ! 
LOL 
How many months is your girl ? 
I have n’t seen her yet 
You ran back to Shanghai without seeing the baby ! Looks like the baby is less important than the little husband … 
Puff … …… … I have to go to work 
Lame excuse … You obviously went to send you mobile phone to the thief 
……………………… … Puff … …… … OK 
They ’ve got festivals , too , pitiful it ’s not an iPhone , I must have let them down 
At least it should be a Nokia , you can use it to crack nuts 
Puff … …… … It ’s a Samsung , it ’s really good , I must miss my address book , files and photos 
The highlight is the last word [ emoticon ] … 
Galaxy 2 ? 
I am planning to visit mop . com or tianya . cn more , and see who ’s got your mobile phone 
This … …… … is it really true ? 
Manpower search ? 
It depends whether you have any valuable materials in your phone 
Puff … … 
Seems that I look like a rich blonde , this is the third time I ’m stolen , considering my two purses 
Beware … you do look like a rich blonde 
How much discount can you get for air tickets as a travel agency ? 
It is =different for different lines and times 
Different 
I want to go on a DIY tour , what procedure should I follow , Ying Ying ? 
By the way , (( is there any movement ? )) 
Not yet 
You need to tell me where you can go , in which month , before we can tell you the discount 
There is no destination , I can leave anytime as long as the season is proper and the price is cheap 
Cheers , has Wang quitted smoking and drinking ? 
Not yet 
For how many days ? 
Five or six days , five days would be the best 
The cheaper the better , but it must be fun 
I searched on ctrip , but did not find any tickets with a favorable discount 
DIY tour 
You just want the air tickets , right ? 
Then it depends totally on you whether it is fun or not , LOL 
Right right , what is the lowest discount you have sold for air tickets ? 
70 % off 
This is the greatest discount 
No way , I thought it should be over 90 % off 
Then how could the travel agency profit ? 
I mean , counting in all domestic and international airlines 
The average profit of the travel agency is 5 % 
Do you have seven - day tourist groups that cost less than 10,000 RMB for two ? 
Five days , Korea 
No ， I am not going to Korea 
Then you can only go to Thailand , Singapore or Malaysia 
All other groups cost over 10,000 RMB 
Have you been to Japan ? 
The tourism group to Japan also costs over =100 
100,000 RMB 
How about rarely visited small places ? 
Tourism groups are difficult to organize for small places 
DIY tour 
You do not need 10,000 for Taiwan 
Have you been there ? 
Not yet 
How about going to Taiwan ? 
Is it fun ? 
Yes , pretty good 
(( Of course , it is cluless )) 
Are you going there on DIY ? 
I prefer DIY 
Otherwise I do n't feel free 
You can book DIY trips on ctrip 
However you need us to handle your Taiwan Entry Permit , ctrip does not provide this service 
It is only too easy to ask you to handle it 
We have top connections , LOL 
LOL 
It takes eight days to tour around Taiwan 
If I travel by myself , it will take at least ten days 
Scenic spots in Taiwan are not that centralized like Hong Kong 
I have nine days holiday tops , and can only spend seven or eight days traveling , excluding time spent on chores 
That 's also OK 
You surely would not visit as many places as the tourism group 
But you can enjoy the deeper beauty of the places 
Many places visited by tourism groups can be neglected , you need to find out truly interesting places on your own 
Right 
Have you invested in your 7 Days Inn ? 
It is too expensive , I am still hesitating 
There seem to be many 7 Days Inn in the urban areas lately 
Right , business hotels are blooming everywhere 
It is very profitable , indeed 
Do n’t ever let your child drink Synutra milk powder . It has a lot of problems .
What should he drink then ? Synutra Yobo happens to be exactly what your nephew is drinking now ! 
How about switching to the others ? Look it up on the internet . I read online that Synutra ’s problems were never resolved , and it may cause sexual prematurity in children and so on .
I was afraid that you all did n’t know about it , so I quickly sent it to you after I finished reading it .
Hello ! Is that Manager Chen ? 
Yes 
I already sent our company ’s information to your email . Please check 
Okay 
Thank you ! Keep in touch .. 
You are still in Hangzhou , same as usual ? 
Yes 
Temporarily this is the plan 
Hehe 
When did you go back to Hangzhou ? 
It seemed 12 
It should be the 22th 
What about you ? 
How can we be so free like you are 
We start work on the 10th day of Chinese lunar calendar 
Oh 
Are you supposed to stay in Shanghai ? 
Yes , I was in Shanghai long time ago 
Did n't you want to go back to Hangzhou ? 
Let 's go to lunch ' 
I 've had it alreay 
We start lunch at 11:20 
Well well 
So early 
I have just finished and come online 
LOL 
Do you have tickets for Sunday ? 
Is n't the home match on Friday ? 
I have n't got the ticket yet 
When does it start ? 
19:35 
I guess Friday 's ticket is difficult to get 
Well well , LOL 
After all it 's the first home match in the play - off 
Right right , I am really expecting it 
Therefore I have directly asked about Sunday tickets 
Right , I 'll help you figure out 
OK , thanks Qiu Guang 
Come out 
What happened ? 
Help to get some basketball tickets 
I do n't have any .
The second aunt can get some 
You can talk to my mother 
You do n't live together ? 
We have n't lived together for nearly half a year .
[ My god | Fall ] 
You animal , unmarried cohabitation 
How come animal about this .
It 's trial marriage 
Do you live in provincial hospital ? 
Yes 
Oh 
Get married in provincial hospital ? 
No 
Where to get married ? Do n't you live in provincial hospital after getting married ? 
No 
Where will you live then ? 
New house 
Oh , where did you buy it ? 
It 's relocated 
What are you doing ? 
Working 
Come if you want 
Working now ? 
No , it 's OK now 
I want to go on Thursday 
OK 
(( Is your number still the 138 one on Thursday ? )) 
Call me when you come 
No 
What ? 
Thursday is still in February 
(( It should be this month )) 
Friday is March 1st 
Then it 's OK 
Well 
Are you sure ? 
Yes 
I 'll go on Thursday if you are sure 
Any time in this month is OK 
OK 
Then I 'll go directly to you on Thursday noon , I wo n't be telling you in advance 
You 'd better call me first 
Oh 
Are you still in New Oriental ? 
What 's up ? 
Nothing really , just asking how you are doing 
Oh yes , I 'm still here . Do you want to introduce a job to me ? [ emoticon ] 
Hoho , we lawyers are nothing but [ lowlives | cock wires ] 
Yes , every trade has its difficulties , you know what ? Qin Ying quitted before the Spring Festival 
All my good friends in Junzejun have quitted 
I know 
We meet a lot 
We are having a get - together tomorrow 
You meet a lot ? ? 
Are n't you in Shenzhen ? 
I take business trips to Beijing sometimes 
Oh , that 's really nice [ emoticon ] . The latter job you found was better 
Hoho , it 's just OK 
I feel it is good to be able to visit Beijing often , why do you say lawyers are cockwires ? 
It 's toilsome 
There is no holiday 
Well , it 's good as long as what you are doing is valuable , get more experience when you are young 
That 's right 
Are you in Beijing now ? 
No 
In Zhengzhou on a business trip 
Well , we are having a get - together , we 'll invite you if you are here 
Hoho , next time , have fun you guys , it 's a good opportunity 
So you were once =thin 
Pah 
What do you think about it ? 
I was very thin before , OK ? 
Send me a sexy photo 
There are some in my space 
Hehe 
How is it going recently ? 
Pretty good 
I was almost assigned to Chongqing 
Hehe , then who will come here ? 
I do n't know 
Who wants to assign you here ? Really heartless 
Zhang Ni 
Later she considered that I am breast feeding and decided not to let me go 
Hehe 
Are you still breast feeding ? 
My baby is too young 
Oh 
Hello 
I am a parent at Meilin Experimental School 
I could n't log onto the website 
Hello . May I ask with which cellphone number you tried to log in ? 
The prompt says my cellphone number does not exist 
Yesterday a customer service person checked it for me 
I found neither of the cellphone numbers of my two kids is that of my own cellphone 
One digit is wrong 
Could you change it for me ? 
Oh . May I ask if you have contacted your head teacher ? That 's because they are the ones who gave the number .
I did 
Do you want the head teacher to contact you ? 
Yes 
OK 
How about you give me the names of your kids and then the cellphone number , we make a record of it first , and after we get in touch with the head teacher , we make the change right away ? 
OK 
Have you received it ? 
Yes . Thanks 
It has been changed 
Oh , =missing a 9 
This is not correct 
Missing 
You got it as 7523 
Okay , found it 
Received 
Have you changed it for me ? 
Or do you still have to wait for the notification from the head teacher ? 
The two have the same birthday 
I am asking my supervisor , hold on 
Oh 
It 's been changed .
Both ? 
Please change your password after logging in . Thanks 
Yes 
Good 
Thanks 
Thanks 
Does the login account number have to be changed ? 
Could n't it be okay just to log in with a cellphone number ? 
Oh 
Are you there ? 
What ’s up ? 
It ’s OK now … your reply is so slow 
I was babysitting 
How old is the kid ? 
Two and a half years 
Such a big baby now 
My daughter is only six months 
Six months , the right time for fun 
My baby is too naughty 
Can not speak yet 
Is yours a son or a daughter ? 
Son 
The son is naughtier 
Do n’t worry , which baby speaks at six months ? 
My colleague ’s kid can call mom at four months 
Faint ! You ca n’t simply compare your kid with other kids 
How about you now , still having short hair ? 
Some are born with teeth ! 
Longer , but can hardly be called long hair 
Why have you suddenly remembered to chat with me today ? 
I wanted to ask you about the phone of someone , but I got it now 
Oh 
Former classmate ? 
Little Zhang Na 
I basically do n’t know the number of anybody 
My colleague could not buy the train ticket , and wanted to ask her to help send one up 
Oh 
Look at your fatty face 
???? ? Where did you see it 
The album 
I ’ve got relatives visiting , I got ta be busy , catch you later ! [ emoticon ] 
Hello , I need to scan now 
Hello , are you still there ? 
When are you getting off work tonight ? 
12 o'clock 
OK , I 'll be right here , in a rush , I 'll be here at 11:20 
I need to scan several pages 
I need them tomorrow 
Do you have time to a dinner together today ? 
Do you have lessons tomorrow ? 
I have a get - together with my colleagues today 
Where is the get - together ? 
Do you have lessons tomorrow ? 
Gulou Street , yes 
Then why not come back directly to my place ? 
No , I might be late tomorrow 
You can go to your lessons from my place 
It is nearer 
Besides , my place is nearer to Gulou for your get - together tonight 
Forget it , next time . I need to prepare for lessons after I 'm back 
I teach at Xuan Wu Men , it 's =nearer my home 
Nearer 
Oh right 
I see 
I remembered that you were in Haidian Huangzhuang 
Have fun , then 
OK 
Haha , I have added all those from our dormitory 
Everyone is accounted for 
It seems that no one is online 
Haha , Song is coming to play at my house later on 
Are all of them offline or in invisible mode ? 
Why do n't you come and play too ? 
You two are really blessed 
Who asked you to go back to Linqu ? Otherwise , all of us would be in Jinan . How nice it would be ! 
[ Emoticon ] It ’s too far away 
Let ’s set a time for us to go online and chat 
[ Emoticon ] OK 
This evening ? 
Haha ! OK ! Today is the last day of the month 
I wo n't be able use my mobile call minutes for this month . Tonight I have to notify you one by one … 
Haha , when you call me , I 'll take the call , and leave it there . You also set your phone aside . Then we go about our business as usual , and hang up after half an hour . That 'll do 
This way your monthly call minutes will be used up 
[ Emoticon ] You ca n’t finish using them anyway 
Are n’t you wasting resources by doing that ? 
Send out the notice in the evening . Haha . Tell them we have joined a discussion group 
OK~ 
Set it for eight o'clock , tentatively ? ? 
I ’m OK with everything 
I 'm here 
I just saw it 
I had been reading documents . How about you ? Looks like you are n't busy 
What are you busy with ? 
It ’s so rare for us dorm mates to have a reunion 
Hehe , this type of spirit should be commended ! 
Giving myself a break from the busyness . Answering messages from you guys is my first priority [ Image ] 
Is [ Working Hard for Love | Weiainuli ] Song Yongling ? 
Her screen name is so emotional 
Her signature is always very emotional too … .
Oh , so she is going down that road … … 
OK 
Let 's chat in the evening , I will get busy for a while , tentatively set for 8 o'clock 
OK , good night 
Yin , did you see Xiaoyan during the New Year holiday ? 
I wonder how she has been .
I did n't . I came back from Nanchang only on February 4 , and I guess she must have gone to Guangdong for the New Year holiday by then , 
Oh 
Are your eyes feeling okay now ? 
OK , stabilized . There are just other minor problems . Yesterday I was in such pain that I really thought how good it would be to be senseless . In addition to the wrenching pain from kidney stone , I coughed and vomited so much that my stomach fluid and bile even came out . Sigh , good health is better than anything else 
Ah 
You also have kidney stone ? 
You have to exercise more for that 
Drink more water 
They will pass out by themselves 
Hmm , that pain is really horrible 
It looks like we are also getting old 
I do n't know what happened recently , getting into all sorts of trouble 
Is your little one still doing fine ? 
She is fine 
Has your mother - in - law been able to hire a nanny ? 
It 's probably not easy to hire one among the family members 
Family members all care about their face and are unwilling to do it 
Yesterday while I was in horrible pain in bed , my husband even stayed at the computer for hours without coming over to check on me . To be honest , I feel really cold inside .
It 's been arranged orally , but everything is normal now with my mother - in - law and there is also a daughter close by at home , everything is fine 
Xiaoyan 's husband is also a person like that , so I can understand how she feels 
Men are all like that 
The one at my home is getting better now 
As he ages , he knows a bit more how to care about others 
It 's just that he is especially lazy 
Sometimes he may feel that whether he asks or not , you are in pain anyway 
Let you take a good rest 
Men and women think differently 
Is there such a person ? I was in unbearable pain and went to the bathroom to vomit again and again , and could n't bear it anymore , being in unbearable pain for more than nine hours , at that time I really wanted to be senseless 
Hehe 
Careless men 
Next time when you marry off your daughter , tell those who do n't care about their wives to get out , 
Haha 
My husband looks quite kind and gentle outside but in reality he is just a hard and cold rock . Last night I really wanted to throw him out 
Hahaha 
Take a look at my fellow townspeople around me 
as well as my classmates 
I feel they all have a great sense of responsibility 
Perhaps that 's also based on their appearances 
The male classmates are surely fine , for example , Feiyong and the others really love their families , working hard outside and still coming home to fix dinner 
Did you meet up with your classmates or not when you went back to your hometown this time ? 
Are n't Liu Yuejun and Chen Xiaoming very close to your home ? 
No 
I just met with Qingfeng once 
We went to have footbath together once 
I did n't call any of the others 
The youngest one in the class is Qingfeng . He is really well - preserved 
Yuejun came to my home to say New Year 's greetings , but I was n't home 
I did n't contact Xiaoming 
How about you ? 
No 
This year I am in extremely bad health and basically spent my time in the countryside and came back to Ji'an on the fifth day of the lunar year 
Qingfeng does look very young 
He does n't look like a forty - year - old man at all 
But it turned out that when we went for a footbath this time , a 16 - year - old girl said he was more than forty years old , and he was really depressed 
Impossible , he looks thirty at most [ emoticon ] 
So it made him very depressed 
He came to Ji'an to pick up someone and dined with Huiying . That fellow does not even drink colored juice 
He said that was the reason he did not have any spots 
Very meticulous 
Haha 
How was Huiying ? 
Pretty good 
She went to Shenzhen to get a supply of spring clothes 
Gone to Shenzhen ? 
Yes , she will be back probably in two days 
She is very capable 
Running back and forth on her own 
Hmm . This world does not believe in tears . The road is under one 's own feet . Nobody is your own protection umbrella , is that right ? 
Right 
Women have to rely on themselves 
Nobody is reliable 
In fact , with that sum of money her husband left and her job , she does n't need to work this hard , but she has her own dream . I think it is pretty good this way 
Otherwise , she herself will feel sad too 
It is not bad to find yourself something you like to do 
But , =according to what Qingfeng said , Huiying is in a pretty good state 
Oh yeah , much more fashionable 
She was tired out two years ago by her husband 's illness 
Yes , those who are ill are also miserable , think of Lin Fu going through such torture of his illness 
Sometimes he suffered so much pain that he had to bite his quilt 
Last night I really had a sort of feeling that to live is worse than to die . Think of that pain Huiying 's husband Lin Fu had . It 's also a sort of relief . He had to still bear suffering without any hope of living 
You have to see a doctor 
I 'm going to take a B ultrasonic scan this afternoon 
It has been several years . It 's fine when there is no pain , once there is pain , it 's unbearable 
Yes , take preventive measures promptly 
OK 
This is 15 lines 
If it 's 13 lines connected , two lines must be removed 
Suppose that with ABCDEF , six vertices , 4 vertices will be affected at most due to the removal of two lines 
, we can assume that AB are n't affected , namely AB and all others have connecting lines 
Then find two points among the remaining four points . It 'll do as long as they have connecting lines 
( certainly exist , because the remaining 4 points have six lines in total , only two lines are removed ) 
Second question . Removing the three lines of AB , CD , EF will suffice 
Because this way if you want to take 4 points , ABCDEF , these three groups have at least one group that needs to take two points , but these two points do n't have connecting lines 
You can call me if you have questions 
I usually have time 
Okay . Thanks 
No questions ? 
This is still rather simple 
The competition has one type of problem called Graph Theory 
Anyway , at that time we had to learn it in high school , it was extremely difficult . It was the hardest type of problem 
There 's a problem 
Send it 
I ’m taking a picture 
[ Image ] If it can be divided , definitely divide it like this 
(( X^1 x X^2 )) 
Then , by the factors 
d is an odd number 
So k and n are both odd numbers 
My internet has started to go crazy again 
Ca n't open it 
Can you receive it ? 
Yeah 
Yeah 
This problem , I basically did n't think much , because the method is rather fixed 
Algebraic equations , set out the unknown values 
Then show the factors 
Then it will be OK 
I think there is more orientation in algebraic equations comparatively , it ’s like having a compass , advancing towards the objective , I can always figure it out 
Some geometry is too difficult , I ca n't figure out the auxiliary lines and whatnot at all , like a headless fly barging around 
That 's because you 're awesome 
I also try my best to share my feelings and experiences with students 
But doing equations is also very important . I always keep an intermediate level math book in my bag . Usually when I 'm not busy I 'll work on them 
I ’d work on them on the subway , before meals , when waiting for the food to be served , and so on 
Confirming what I said , it feels better 
Yeah 
With factorization , it 's all over for me 
Consider 2^2n as x 
Then show it 's a multiple of 100 
Followed by a multiple of 4 
Then look at the remainder 
The remainder of 4 to an odd power is 4 
So the two terms at the beginning and end are both multiples of 5 
Yeah 
This had been set , because if it can be divided , it will definitely be divided into X^1 and X^2 
Why does x=1 ? 
I 'm thinking , this formula needs to be permanently established 
Make x=1 , the left side of the factors is an odd number 
How is the right side calculated then ? 
It was just said that k is an odd number 
So the right side is an even number 
Yeah , it ’s simpler this way 
x=1 , I do n’t understand 
No. After it 's been set 
x can be arbitrarily assigned , all of them have to be established 
Every x has to be established 
x=2 also has to be established 
It can be arbitrarily assigned 
The reason for setting one 
Observe 
Very often you can find those , which are more convenient to figure out 
I think the reason is mainly because setting 1 can cause b+c to appear 
This way , it ’s more convenient to determine odd or even 
What if only 1 is established ? 
But these two =polynomials are not equal 
This is what we call polynomial equivalence 
In other words , if they are equal , then it means that any x would be established 
Must be identical , right ? 
Right 
Factorization is considered as a type of identical deformation of the integral formula 
After factorization , X has a fixed solution 
This is factorization , x as any value needs to be established 
It is said that Mingxin is taking an exam tomorrow , adjust your frame of mind well 
Do n't get too tired 
Did n't say it equals 0 
Who said it equals 0 ? 
Understood 
Taking the test for 8th grade tomorrow . It does n't matter 
Oh … 
It ’s a [ self - enrichment professional studies program | learning package ] 
What about 7th grade ? 
The 7th grade one is on the day after tomorrow 
It ’s already too crazy now 
It ’s not necessarily good to get too far ahead 
The kid fell asleep long ago 
I 'm looking at the ones which he had questions about 
How come there are n't any good companies at this job fair ? ... I do n't even want to go ... 
I told you ages ago 
I did n't realize until I saw it , and when I saw it I got a shock 
I do n't even want to go and inquire 
You could just try it 
It would be better than you going to inquire about studying abroad 
At least I 'm rather interested in inquiring about studying abroad 
I just have no interest in making this inquiry ... 
Anyway 
I do n't even want to go !!! 
It 's a nuisance !!! 
Did jon send an email ? 
? 
No way , no way . I can not subject myself to negative energy 
Many of them are all looking for full - time workers ... 
There 's no news from Jon 
As far as I can tell , L'Oreal is actually rather worth seeing 
Hmm 
But I do n't know exactly what sort of interns they 're recruiting 
If you ask , you 'll find out .
Ah Fei , I 'm in the United States now 
I was in a rush before leaving the country , so I did n't contact you 
How have you been lately ? Still so busy ? 
Oh , no wonder I was n't able to get in touch with you 
Did you call me ? 
I left on January 13 
I was particularly busy during that period 
I called once , I called in February before Chinese New Year 
I bought an apartment inside the campus , did the paperwork , then moved , and finally did the packing 
Oh , I was also particularly busy during that period . I came in first place and was promoted . I was free the few days before Chinese New Year and wanted to have a meal and chat with you 
Congratulations . What position are you in now ? 
Northeast Regional Supervisor ? 
I 'm now in charge of sales in Harbin , Harbin Supervisor 
Very good 
After I go back , get another apartment for me ‘ 
Oh yes , have housing prices risen ? 
I 'm still a bit far from being Northeast Regional Supervisor 
Take it slow 
You 're Harbin Supervisor now , should n't you change your car ? 
Housing prices have not risen yet . I have bought two apartments . I think prices are going to go up 
You bought another two units ? 
No , I did n't change it . I ca n't afford it 
I bought two apartments in the Jiangbei project 
How big ? How much do they cost ? 
96 square meters , 400,000 per unit 
You 're so rich 
Is this an incentive from your company ? 
Recently , the Group approved a special price . I expected it to be valid only until the end of the month , so I paid the down payment 
I 'll sell them after prices go up 
When you get a chance , come to Philadelphia for a tourist trip 
Sure , I 'll definitely go in the next two years 
Damn , one year 
Oh 
One year , let me try 
You must try 
When I go back , let 's go for a meal 
Of course 
And keep an apartment for me 
I was too busy in December trying to reach sales target to have time for you 
How are you over there ? 
Are you used to it ? 
Not very used to it 
Liu feels quite used to it 
When you come back , you wo n't be used to it here 
Haha 
I still have to work on the language 
=Maybe 
Liu is a Chinese who is inherently drawn to the United States 
I am going back alone 
Liu is heading in the right direction 
It 's not very easy to stay on 
It just means working hard one more time 
It 'll almost cost me my life 
If I can buy another apartment and two cars after I go back to China , I 'll be satisfied 
Actually , Liangzi , I feel that in senior high school , I did n't work hard but you guys worked hard once , and after entering the society later on , it 's tougher and more tiring for me 
Dude , I 'm very tired , too 
It 's damn tough in all lines of work 
You 're doing quite well now , do n't work too hard 
It 's enough when you 're doing quite well . How much is a lot ? 
Still far from it , dude . Have n't you seen how others live ? 
We still have bicycles 
That 's a privileged class 
No choice 
We 're from the countryside , our background is too weak 
It 's tough for us who count on nothing but working hard 
Yes 
Poor and culturally backward 
Which rich man works day and =night like we do ? 
That 's why I said you 'd better not come back after going to the United States . It is best if you can settle down in the United States . It 's much better than in China 
Let 's see how it goes when there is a chance 
At least , there is equality 
Hahaha 
There is no equality , we 're third - class citizens 
I 'm afraid we will never be able to reach our goals in one go 
The life we wish to have probably has to be achieved by our next generation 
Right now , I do n't like your pessimistic mood . What happened to the high spirits you had in senior high school ? 
Has the society worn you out too ? 
Did I have high spirits in senior high school ? 
Yes , you never conceded defeat 
You kept to yourself and kept going forward 
I 'm old , that 's it 
When is the beginning ? 
No , I have to change , I 'm a bit pessimistic 
Death is the beginning 
Right 
Fine , in that case , my goals have changed 
Do not let yourself have regrets 
Buy a villa and then buy a Benz car 
My senior high school years is the period I regret the most 
It 's never too late , dude 
Hahaha 
Right 
Marry =another wife 
Are you there ? 
I ’m here 
Have you been busy lately ? 
: ) It ’s all right , there is always something to do , but it is not urgent either 
You are [ in complete control | in control of your movement and performance ] 
It ’s quite good , I prefer this kind of pace . I make my own arrangements if there is work 
You 've worked as an editor for many years , right ? 
Yeah , that 's good , it appears that you are [ in your element | what the heart wishes , the hand accomplishes ] . If there are any areas which you are not familiar with , let me know . Though I have n’t been here very long either , I will definitely tell you everything that I know without reservation 
Thank you , Sister Wang [ Emoticon ] 
I ca n’t say that I am [ in my element | what the heart wishes , the hand accomplishes ] , but I rather enjoy jobs with a little more freedom 
I was too busy at the end of last year . I thought of stopping by to say hello but I could n’t even find the time . I initially thought we could chat more after the Spring Festival , but as it turned out , my baby caught a cold and had a fever once we returned to Shanghai .
I will definitely consult you if I have any problems [ Emoticon ] 
Yeah , that ’s right . It ’s true that usually I seldom saw you . But we have plenty of time ahead , hoho , I would like very much to chat more with you too 
You 're welcome ! I ’m far from being your consultant , but more communication would n't do any harm , right ? 
It is indeed easy to get sick when the weather changes . I have been suffering from throat inflammation and blocked nose ever since my return as well 
Exactly ! [ Emoticon ] 
Let alone a baby 
I 've worked as an editor for five to six years , and you ? 
I 'm a newbie , I did some language work in the past , but I ca n't say it was editing 
Yeah , at the beginning , it was a cold and a blocked nose , and I tried to help her unclog her nose . As it turned out , in just a few days , she unexpectedly developed a fever . The high fever continued for several nights , but fortunately it came down this morning 
Language work is also an essential part of editing work 
Oh , that was the same with me . I also had a fever a few days ago . Let your baby drink more water 
Sigh , she simply refuses to drink water 
I also suffered from sore throat once I returned after the Spring Festival , and I recovered simply by drinking water . But my baby does n’t understand , she refuses to cooperate 
Yeah , she can drink a little of this , haha 
She can drink half a cup of orange juice each time , not too bad 
Yeah , so let your baby drink more fruit juice , no need to drink a lot each time , she can drink it many times 
You must still be happy and contented in [ a couple ’s world | a world of two people ] 
There is also VC . If your baby will drink it , let her have some as well 
Okie dokie , I just figured this out too . You know quite a lot 
Haha , sigh , now we have a headache just thinking about it 
There are two children in my brother ’s family 
Hehehe , thinking of it gives you a headache , doing it will give you a taste of it 
Oh , looks like you are an attentive and experienced aunt 
Every time I go back to my old home , I would help my mother to look after the children . Sigh , just mentioning them gives me a headache already . I did n't know it before , only now do I understand . It 's really hard to raise a child 
Is your baby well - behaved ? 
She ’s considered well - behaved compared to rowdy children , but quite rowdy among the well - behaved ones , hoho 
Our baby is also looked after =by her grandma 
By her grandma 
Practice more now , so when you care for a baby in the future , you would n't feel as flustered as I do now 
Haha , it looks like that your baby is quite good . Cute without losing her liveliness 
Yeah , I reckon I 'll definitely fall into confusion : ) 
You wo n't . It looks to me like you 've learned a lot 
Mine is just the =theory of a bystander 
Any plans to have a baby ? 
Theory 
I miss them when I do n’t see them , but I get tired of seeing them around after just a few days 
Yes , we have plans 
Yeah , in time the theory can guide your practice 
We want a [ Year of Horse | Horse ] baby 
Wow ! Really ? Then you should begin to nurse your health now 
: ) Yes , I 'm also old now and ca n't afford to wait longer 
Seriously ? How old are you ? Talk about being old in front of us [ Emoticon ] 
I 'll be 32 this year [ Emoticon ] 
Born in the Year of Dog 
You must be kidding ! You look so young 
I thought you were born after ‘ 85 
You did n't look hard enough [ Emoticon ] 
Hahahaha , I took a hard look , scrutinizing from a distance of 0.5 m 
No wrinkles 
Let 's find time another day to talk about your feelings while expecting a baby 
OK , having heard these words today , my throat will heal quickly for sure , haha 
OK , Sister Wang , so let 's chat some other day . Enjoy your weekend ! 
Your car key is here with me 
The car is parked downstairs 
Okay 
Okay 
Thank you 
What do you want to have for lunch ? 
I need to thank you 
Then , the Nhishi one next door , haha 
Truly ruthless ! 
No need to thank me . It ’s not far . No need to take me out for lunch . This is what a subordinate should do , hehe 
Do n’t , do n’t , do n’t .
Do n’t say that 
I ’m ill - at - ease once =you said that . Truly , there is no need . Manager , busy with your business first , hehe 
Anyhow , you need to eat lunch at noon 
We ’ll eat together 
Ask Peng 
He has gone to Xuecheng . Truly , there is no need . I was just kidding .
Do n’t regret then 
No regrets 
I will be going home at noon 
Go home then . It ’s still here if you want to see it 
To look after my child 
Manager , your key is on my desk , ah 
Oh , I ’ll get it in the afternoon 
Oh , OK . I finished my homework . I am ready to go home . Are you at home ? 
Um . (( Is there a workshop ? )) 
So exhausted~ 
Oh . You can go directly to the career service walk - in after that 
Unexpectedly it has a film version , and I have never heard about it 
Um . I found it last time . It is just so - so 
It does not matter . I had a whim today 
OK 
It is very windy outside . Be careful on the way 
Oh . By the way , when is your flight tomorrow ? 
It is the day after tomorrow 
I am going to work on electric circuits tomorrow 
Oh , OK , Great Engineer Lin 
Hi dear , how have you been lately ? I 'm on spring break now , right , the medicine you sent last time worked really well , thanks 
What ? 
You 're already on spring break ... 
You said we 'd spend spring break together ... 
Our spring break is in two weeks ... 
That 's good if it worked well 
Now I have to stay up all night and drink coffee , none of the medicine works 
How did your housing lawsuit end up ? 
We 're all taking it calmly now 
Then what are you doing on spring break ? 
Come back 
I do n't have much to spend , I do n't dare buy a ticket 
I bought a car , and now I am daring to take it out 
You 're welcome to come back at any time 
I can take you to EDMOND 
See old friends 
Yea , I think I 'll tell you if I can come back before summer classes begin 
Yea 
You have to come back 
Are you busy this semester ? 
I 'm dying 
The final exams are right away 
There 's a super strong smell of gunpowder in our class 
Yesterday in the group two people were yelling at each other over group emails 
Wow . How could they do that ? 
Too much pressure 
Everyone is really busy 
We do n't have finals until April , but two days ago I stayed up until after four writing a paper 
Last time I was scolded by someone in the group 
Damn 
They refuse to admit they made a mistake and insist on saying I made a mistake 
But later he send an email apologizing 
We also have finals in April 
Your classmates are so scary 
I feel like everyone has too much menal pressure 
I completely threw away my impression of Americans after coming to OU 
Hello , Manager Chen . What positions is our company now recruiting for ? 
There are so many 
Home improvement consultant 
Driver 
Designer 
Space design 
Graphic design 
Direct - sale store shopping guide , store manager 
Site programmer 
=Yes 
Which department is recruiting ? 
Proficiency in operating the related software is required 
Web art , right ? 
Previous working experience in an advertising company is preferred 
Sanshang Media 
Do you still want to do the advertising business ? 
It has nothing to do with business 
Thank you , then 
You are welcome 
Tell me who in this batch are going to receive ipad for use 
He Qinghua , Yang Xiuhao , Xu Xin , Cui Yangyang , Lu Xuezheng , Lu Tianxiang 
Six investment promotion advisers 
Um 
There are two prototypes 
Who want prototypes and who want new devices ? 
Four new devices 
Right 
Right 
Is this decided by Manager Wei ? 
Anyway , the deposits to be paid are different 
Let me ask Xu Xin and Lu Tianxiang 
A prototype costs 1200 
They always said that the funds were relatively tight before 
A new device costs 1500 
You ask them 
Xu Xin wants a prototype . Lu Tianxiang wants a new device . I did n't ask the other people 
What about this : who comes first gets what he wants . It does n't matter , actually 
Oh , OK 
If anyone wants a prototype , he can just go to the financial department to pay the deposit and take the device now 
There are only two prototypes now 
We are not going to buy new devices until tomorrow 
Xu Xin asked if he could pay one hundred yuan first to take a device , and pay the rest on Monday 
The money is collected by the financial department , I only review the deposit bill here . I guess it is not possible 
Oh . I will tell Xu Xin about this 
OK 
Manager Chen , the weather is turning hot after two days . What kind of overalls are we going to wear ? 
When it comes hot , we do n't wear black jackets , but purple jumper =skirt with black leggings 
It is time to order custom overalls again 
Do you have any thoughts on this ? 
We ca n't wear purple jumper skirt for many days 
I will organize the girls on the third floor to think about it . Hey hey 
Yes , ha ha 
Exactly 
Manager Wei never asked about this thing . It is not easy to put it forward 
Are n't there only three girls on the third floor ? 
Ho ho 
You 'd better be able to convince Manager Wei that we do n't have to wear overalls any longer 
Ha - ha 
Now the staff are already wearing different clothes in the company 
Right 
Why do we have to wear overalls ? 
Um 
Did you raise the idea about overalls ? 
The key is that leaders seem to insist on it 
Overalls are costly , and we also do not want to wear them 
I am strongly opposed to the overalls 
Only Manager Lu insists on them 
It is still not uniform if everyone is not wearing the same 
He is the only one that always asks for the so - called professionalism 
Regarding the staff of the marketing department , Manager Wei has stated at the meeting , requiring them to change their appearance within three days 
Everyone prepares his own professional clothes , and that 's all 
The regional manager has been doing a good job 
But those people still have not changed much . Only those in Liu Hengnan 's team have changed 
You see what the regional manager is 
wearing 
Yes .
So , if we are going to change overalls , I will put it forward to Manager Lu . It would be another matter whether he agrees or not , though 
Yes 
Is it true that the ladies on your third floor do not want to wear overalls anymore ? 
In fact , Manager Wei does n't like wearing overalls , either 
There are few people wearing overalls 
He does not receive people 
Right . I can see that 
But he generally does not receive customers , does he ? 
Right , so it is OK for him to wear casually 
Exactly 
We ca n't compare with him 
Um , that is also what I think 
I think it will be fine if I find the proper professional clothes to wear when I come to work .
Yes 
I have just asked them , and they all say so 
Do you all think so ? 
OK 
OK . I want to understand and summarize everyone 's opinion , so that I can give a feedback to Manager Lu 
[ expression ] I ’ve been confined to a small dark house to write the tender for two days 
Then why are you still (( online )) .. 
’m processing the image with Photoshop . I miss Momo very much 
Send me a frog . This frog looks out of sort 
The Photoshop God 
[ image ] I also have a Photoshop one here 
MM 
lt , you ’re always acting cute 
I ca n’t help it . I ’m old .. I have to act cute 
Older men acting cute have a huge [ young girls │ Lolita ] market .. 
.... 
[ Young American girls │ American Lolita ] 
[ Young American girls │ American Lolita ] like older American men 
Older Chinese men like [ young American girls │ American Lolita ] . Older American men like [ young Chinese girls │ Chinese Lolita ] . [ Young Chinese girls │ Chinese Lolita ] like older Chinese men .
Pitiful older Chinese men and happy [ young Chinese girls │ Chinese Lolita ] 
Oh , that ’s wrong . It ’s a love triangle 
Haha~~ 
Have you submitted the tender yet ? 
Not yet . I ’m still writing it 
Come on~~ I wo n’t bother you anymore . Continue with the small dark house 
For you [ image ] 
[ Silly silly | Ben Ben ] 
Well ? 
I met Gege yesterday 
You went her home ? 
Nope 
She came to Wuhan 
She wanted to ask you and get together next time 
Hehe 
I will be back when registering for the medium level 
Gege is going to leave soon 
Alas 
She may come back this year 
Ah 
So cruel 
Yeah , I have n’t changed much either , maybe she is just forgetful as an honorable person 
Gege said you have become more beautiful 
No 
Just thinner , but you got more weight after the New Year 
Whiter 
Still the same , no big changes 
Older 
Hehe 
We are all getting old 
Yeah 
Do you have any gossip recently ? 
When are you leaving for Chongqing ? 
During the New Year holiday 
From the 2nd to the 5th of the lunar calendar 
To the 6th 
No , what gossip do you have ? 
Me either 
I will tell you if I have any 
Well 
Gege does n’t have any either 
Said wanted to be friends with her 
Ah , what can we do ? 
Then ? 
I said shit to your friend 
Do n’t care about him 
Gege said she did n’t want to care either 
But Qin will still tell her where she is recently 
Yes 
Doing what or something 
What does that mean ? 
Just to be friends 
He had another girlfriend after being with Gege 
And also broke up 
People , are just bitchy 
Also wanted to be friends with that woman 
That man is a pervert 
I ’d say 
He wanted to form a party of maiden honeys with his girlfriends 
Damn him 
Do n’t play with him 
He is abnormal 
Never care about him 
Yeah 
I said this to Gege too 
Alas , what people are they 
Annoying 
Em 
How about the guy you mentioned who pursued you 
Hehe , he was not the type I like , too cunning 
=Which one do you like ? 
I do n’t know 
=What do you mean by you do n’t know ? 
Not with you anymore ? 
From Yueyang of Hu’nan and working in Shenzhen 
Is he in the same company as you ? 
No 
My colleague ’s brother 
How old is he ? 
Born in ’ 85 
A good age 
But I just feel he is not reliable and I do n’t want to be in contact with him 
Then forget about him 
Find a better one 
Yes 
There seems to be very few reliable ones 
Em 
Are you in the United States ? 
Um ? 
I did n't see you return to Haifeng during the Chinese New Year . I am Yu Feng 
Right . There is no holiday during the Chinese New Year here 
The air tickets to and from are also expensive 
What about the winter vacation , then ? 
I 'll be back in the next New Year~~ 
We mainly need to go to the laboratory here .. 
The laboratory does not offer many holidays . I will stay for just one year , and return when it ends .
It is very horrible to do surgery . I really admire your courage . I remember that my dad would also like me to be a doctor in the past 
It is fine when you get used to it~~ You couple are having a very good life as well~ 
You were even giving two red envelopes during the Chinese New Year . I missed it 
We are both exhausted , and get back from work very late every day . There still needs to be one person to take care of the family 
I suppose everyone is like this at the beginning . Things will slowly get better~ 
It is a problem of the industry , and we have no choice . Being a doctor is also very hard work , but I have less pressure because I do n't need to do marketing myself 
Sounds like you are so tired . When are you ready to give your dad a grandson .. Ho ho 
I look forward to your development after you return to China 
I am just muddling along . It does n't matter where I am 
This is now the top priority . Work for it 
[ picture ] The big plan of making a baby , 
Which university in the U.S. are you in ? 
University of Pennsylvania , in Philadelphia~ 
Is there any ball game to watch ? 
NBA ? 
Yes , there is . A cheap ticket costs 20 [ dollars | knives ] , for the Philadelphia 76ers 
There are not so many basketball stars . When Lakers and Heat came to play on the road , the tickets were quite hot , though 
How do you feel about living in the U.S. ? 
Now I am using the country 's money , so my life is quite nourished 
Eating , drinking and living are all good 
Eating , drinking , living and utilities are all good 
OK , thank you 
What kinds of questions will be asked ? 
3 . Interview questions , which are basically about your basic information 
They will ask you where are you going , what are you going to do , and domestic experiments 
For example ? 
The questions are basically what they want to know : why you are going there , the advantages of experiments abroad , and which possible improvements you will bring to the domestic bosses 
In addition , they may ask if you are supported by your boss 
The English scores are becoming more and more important . Although IELTS , TOEFL or WSK are still not the mandatory requirements , they are certainly regarded as an important consideration 
They will not ask professional questions .
In fact , the ranking is basically based on the level of the laboratory abroad , your research achievements , and English scores , 
The first - class foreign research institutions , first - class tutors , and first - class students 
The competition was very intense last year . I do n't know how your situation will be this year 
Basically only those from elite schools can go abroad , and they basically all have English scores 
The tutor is relatively great . The school is Virginia Commonwealth University , ranked 25th in the medical category , 
The school is perhaps a general one 
That 's very good , as long as the tutor is great 
Um , that is worth a try , 
Is that an American or a Chinese ? 
Chinese 
It is fine as long as he is great enough 
Chinese boss does not have advantages ? 
Not exactly .. 
It mainly depends on the academic level 
In fact , there will be another chance every year , which is probably in June 
Besides , that one is publicly funded by Zhejiang University 
Um , I will give it a try first this time 
The requirements are more flexible 
So , go for it 
You still have a lot of opportunities to go abroad 
OK , thank you 
Take an English exam when you have time . It will be done quickly , actually 
I suggest you take IELTS , which will be simpler . Give it a try first this time 
WSK is very cheap 
and it 's not difficult , 
I will do some more preparation tomorrow . I have an interview the day after tomorrow . Um , if I fail this time , I will take an exam . OK , thanks 
But they are conducted only twice a year , and the results come out very slowly 
I passed that one , but failed the spoken test part tragically .
It is midnight now . I will go back to the dormitory first . I will leave you a message if I have any question . Thank you 
Try it again , then .. It 's not difficult 
OK 
Go for it~ 
OK 
See you 
Are you there ? 
Zhang , did we get one box of pencil refills ? 
Yes 
Why ? 
It 's written 20 pieces a box , but there are only 10 pieces inside 
Oh 
I might have taken the wrong box 
In that case , it 's fine 
Bring it up and exchange 
I 'll do that at the next requisition 
OK , in that case , I 'll make a change for you guys , changing it to 10 pieces 
Hmm 
OK 
Back 
Thanks 
Are you busy today ? 
Busy sometimes 
What are you busy with all these days ? 
Good morning , started another busy day ? 
Mm mm 
What industry do you work in ? 
We are going to see the shop on Saturday 
Hum 
Is Jurenmen going to be demolished ? 
I learned from today ’s news about the expansion of the Yuehu Bridge 
Is that true 
Will my house be demolished too 
Your house is more likely to be demolished than mine 
Closer to the Yuehu Bridge 
Post to Tencent Weibo [ image ] Picture : Yuehu Bridge Expansion Construction Diagram Drawing / Liu Yang 
Is that true 
Maybe my house will not be demolished 
Ahahah 
I do n’t know 
Who said that , it has not been demolished for many years 
If the construction goes this way , our house must be demolished 
You hope it be demolished 
Yep 
I am speculating in stocks , it is so interesting 
How much did you invest in the market ? 
20,000 
Wow 
So cool 
The stock market has been fine recently 
Take the chance 
You play it too ? 
Dad is playing 
I do n’t play this 
Dad does n’t allow me to play 
I still have a fund of 8,000 not withdrawn 
Or I can have 30,000 by accumulating 
The money I saved in the three years of work 
I did n’t save any money in the whole last year 
I spent it on traveling 
I wanted to applied for a credit card 
Hehe 
Have one 
I do n’t have enough money to support my life 
Have more activities , but you should buy things rationally 
Hahahaha 
Then I wo n’t have enough money even if I have a credit card 
I have been irrational recently 
Haha 
I buy lots of clothes and shoes 
Pay back the credit card 
A lot 
Hahahaha 
Em 
I will learn from your lessons 
I have cards of China Construction Bank , China Merchants Bank , and China Guangfa Bank 
10,000 , 8,000 , and 15,000 
Which bank do you think is best 
It ’s ok if you have cards of China Merchants Bank and China Guangfa Bank 
Or you may as well get a card of Bank of China to see movies 
I will get a card from China Merchants Bank 
I do n’t have to have two cards 
Have dinner with China Merchants Bank , shop with China Guangfa Bank , and get another that can save money when seeing movies 
I have 18,000 in the Guangfa Bank card 
I mainly spend money on shopping 
Not much on dinners 
I actually think they are almost the same 
See which bank provide better gifts for opening the account 
It seems that China Merchants Bank provide the best quota 
The least 
It will be enough for you no matter how little it is 
True 
Alas 
People =without money 
The account opening gift is very =important 
Important 
I got a suitcase from Guangfa as an account opening gift 
Merchants Bank provided a set of hello kitty bowls 
The CCB card was applied by the company , it seems the bank just gave a doll 
Hahahaha 
So 
Different in different stages 
Guangfa and Merchants Bank are just ok 
Anyhow I pay back with Alipay 
I do n’t have to go to the bank 
Em 
I have a savings card of the Merchants Bank 
I can pay back directly 
Em 
You got a card of the Merchants Bank 
Yeah 
Let me be your reference 
I can get a credit of 1000 
Good 
How to do that ? 
Have you decided which card you want to apply for ? 
Did you ask them to come over 
or go to the bank yourself ? 
I should go to the bank directly 
I will go tomorrow noon 
It would be very convenient if you ask them to come over 
Come over to my workplace ? 
Well , is n’t it convenient to do this at your workplace ? 
I can just take a walk to the bank after lunch 
I take a walk every day after lunch 
Bank employees are always indifferent , but the people coming over can provide satisfactory service 
Oh 
Then I make a phone call and ask them to come over ? 
Standard 
What ’s the difference ? 
Send me the website link 
Find it on the official site of Merchants Bank directly 
Besides , the card staff will have advertisement pamphlets 
Good 
I will study 
Em , use me as your reference 
I will ask that person for you 
Tell you tomorrow morning 
It is absolutely unnecessary to apply for a standard one 
Apply for one that looks good and provides good account opening gift 
I just applied for the one with hello kitty 
The application is available directly on the Web 
Then I will refer to you directly , they will contact you 
Let me see which one I should apply for 
Do it tomorrow 
I will leaving the office soon 
Well , good 
Have you made up your mind yet ? 
=Not yet 
Still hesitating 
Hahahaha 
Should I give your number to him ? He will contact you and you will be clear immediately after his introduction 
This sounds good 
Then can you get the credits ? 
Yes , you just tell him when you are opening the card 
Do you have a computer there ? 
Everything is done on the computer 
Yes 
Of course 
How do you chat if not 
Haha 
Then it is OK , You tell him that you will fill in the reference 
Just ask me if you need any help 
OK 
That person contacted me 
He said he will come over at 10:30 a.m. 
Hehe 
OK 
I looked at words and found it tedious ... So I have to adjust ... 
I get bored whenever I looked at words 
Hahaha 
My interest now is to learn grammar 
I watch two videos every night , two hours 
In such good spirit 
Ah 
I have no spirit in learning at all 
Find your own way , no way ... 
Hehe 
Come on 
Cell phone number 
Which card did you open ? 
ID card =number 
Number , tell me 
Is the reference OK ? 
What can I get ? 
What card did you open ? 
elle co-branded card 
Well 
Maybe you will get some makeup 
OK 
For use by my mom 
He said I will get a quota of 10,000 yuan 
Useless 
Will not be used 
Unless decoration 
I can use at most 6000 
Ah , I can get a credit of 1000 
So it is 
Hehe 
Is it more convenient to ask them to come over to do this ? 
You have to bear their bad tempers when you go to the bank 
Very bad attitude 
Yes yes 
You can make phone calls when there are problem in the future 
Haha 
You have to queue if you go to the bank 
Are you off work now ? 
No 
How come 
Nothing 
I got bored with my work 
Hehe , you are going to leave the office , we are not yet ? 
I saw you were using your phone 
And I thought you were off work 
I am not yet 
Still another 30 minutes 
Hello 
I was otherwise engaged just now 
Well 
Are you OK ? 
=Did you contact each other after that ? 
Hehe 
We did n’t see each other 
We had online communication 
His organization had an activity last week 
I did n’t whether there will be one this week 
Hehe , you just chat and do n’t meet 
He is busy on the weekends , it seems 
I am not very clear about that either 
Well 
Hehe 
Aunt Wangwang , I will go for dinner 
OK 
Hehe 
Qiuguang 
Yes ? 
This time you must get the ticket for me , I want the ticket for Shandong vs Beijing 
Please 
Last time I really had the ticket , but it was robbed by my wife 
She gave it to her younger sister 
It was a good ticket 
200 RMB 
Ah Ah 
Forget it then if your wife has taken it , but please do n't let me down this time 
OK , I 'll try 
But I wo n't be in Jinan then 
I 'm going on a trip on Saturday 
And return by the end of the month 
I 'll contact you on how to fetch the ticket then 
=OK , thanks 
The ticket vs Beijing is more difficult to get 
LOL LOL , 
Right 
You are welcome 
For God 's sake do n't let me miss this time , thank you , I 'll treat you to something good , tell me what you want , and I 'll go to the (( Provincial Sports Center )) to treat you at the noon 
I am not working there any more , I have moved to North Qinghe Road long since 
Ah Ah , 
So near 
Really ? Where are you ? 
One stop from the Sports School 
Faint 
To the east or west ? 
East 
Near the gas station 
Faint , which unit ? 
Dahua Tourism Plan & Design Institute , 
It used to be near the provincial bureau , and was relocated to near Chaohehui Square just last year 
Well , we have been relocated here for a couple of years 
I really do n't know 
I could have had lunch with you if I had known you were so near , I did n't know , what a waste of such a near distance 
Right 
We still have time , there are lots of chances in the future , LOL LOL 
Right right , well said 
If I had known , I would have given you the ticket stealthily , we are so close 
LOL , I went to Huang Ting to fetch the ticket , LOL 
They have a home game next Wednesday , I will be on a trip at that time , I have to call them to get you the ticket 
I really appreciate that 
I want to watch it , too ! But I really ca n't , maybe the games have been finished by the end of the month 
Right right , if Shandong loses this one , it will not have any more matches this season 
A critical match 
Two tickets will be OK , of course the more the merrier 
LOL 
No , they are playing home on both next Wednesday and Friday 
They usually give three tickets at once 
All are good tickets 
I 'm saying Shandong vs Beijing 
Exactly 
The first match is the away match , on Sunday 
The second and third matches are home matches , on Wednesday and Friday 
I just want the tickets against Beijing 
Sorry for troubling you 
If the series continues , the fourth is an away match on Sunday , and the fifth is a home match on next next Wednesday 
Right , for God 's sake do't forget 
Right 
I 'll give the tickets to nobody else but you after I get them 
Thanks so much , you must , 
Xiao Mi , I am looking for you , is this time convenient for you ? 
I am in a meeting ( from WeChat : http://weixin.qq.com/q ) 
Is n't your phone number 15860725173 ? 
OK , I 'll contact you later 
Yes it is .
I just texted you but someone replied that I 've texted the wrong number 
I did n't receive any text message 
Is it convenient for you now ? 
Or shall I call you later ? 
I am in a meeting now 
OK , I 'll contact you later 
Hoho , what is it that you are contacting me for ? 
Well , I am wondering if you can do me a favor , I need several copies of official transcripts of Xiamen University , but I am not in Xiamen right now , so I have come to you , can you do this for me ? 
How should I do this ? 
Is it convenient for you to receive a call ? 
Call me now 
Hoho , it 's OK , I was wondering why I have n't received your call 
Hoho , it 's OK now 
Director Chen , I 've sent to your email box the three orders to be executed in the month of April , please check and accept them , thanks . In the future , for all matters , should I contact you directly or Teacher Sun ? 
You 'd better contact Teacher Sun . Just keep me posted . After all , it is Teacher Sun who is charge of the specific operations . Thanks .
Okay 
When you come to Wuhan , I 'll try my best to arrange a time to meet up with you .
Good 
Is the market all right now ? It has n't really been easy for you either .
Professor Ding , are you there ? 
Sending you your photos in Fu Xiao 's camera 
[ Here | zai ] 
Yeah , Fu Xiao copied them to me but I forgot to send them to you 
Just discovered it when I was tidying the desktop 
Speaking of which , you used the photo of us three together as an avatar . At first glance I thought my avatars had been changed [ emoticon ] 
Pan Zhigang and I are simply bonsai landscapes 
What am I , then ? 
You are the lead role 
[ Oh my God | Dead faint ] . This is your avatar 
How did I become the lead role ? Uninformed people would mistakenly believe that Ding Guoliang is a girl 
By the way , Yu Na and Pan Zhigang will come to Philadelphia in May to attend my graduation ceremony , and also =want to go to your place on the way . Will you be on vacation at that time ? 
If you have time you 're invited to come too , penn 's graduation ceremony 
I 'll definitely come 
I should be on vacation at that time 
They also want to go to nearby cities . Do you want to help them do some planning ? 
Why can it never be sent over ? 
They just plan to come for one week 's time 
Sigh . Your wait time is too long . I 'll stop talking to you for now . I ’m anxious to death 
Yes , it ’s possible 
I ’m truly unlucky today . I went to two stores and both of them said that they did n’t want to join group buy . I ’m furious 
... I already ate it 
Can I return it ? 
Can you return it ? 
Can you send me the web address then ? 
If you want to return it , just give it to me 
I ’ll ask 
I ’m exhausted today . It was already 7:30 when I got back to the dormitory . My feet were paralyzed .. 
Your shoes were too high ... 
It was mainly because I walked for too long , six to seven hours 
Right 
There was a typo on my GPA .. 
What ’s the matter ? 
The GPA for ps was 0.7 point less 
Can they change it ? 
I do n’t know . I asked He earlier . She still has n’t replied .
I have class at the design institute tomorrow . If it ca n’t be done , then I ’ll go talk to You directly 
What is your average now ? 
2.9 
Then you ’ll have 3 when you add that on 
Yes 
Fuck , the doggone Yuquan walked away and quit and my grand uncle needs it in a rush . It ’s tragic ... 
I got 85 in Photography , he gave me 3.7 . I got 86 in ps , he gave me 3 instead 
... 
Why did he quit ? 
He has other projects to do and I ca n’t confirm how much I can give him ... 
Is any one of your siblings a junior ? Ask for me 
We have a sophomore and a senior but we do n’t have a junior 
Senior is also fine . Let her ask for me 
She is n’t at school often .. 
Let me ask . I still do n’t have her number 
... Good . I ’m sorry to have bothered you 
Your elder sister is coming to visit you tomorrow night , is n’t she ? 
Yes 
There is a Xishu in IMAGO , is n’t there ? 
Right 
Get it at IMAGO tomorrow 
Okay 
How should I ask her ? 
Ask her if she has anyone who is not too busy and knows 3DMAX and PS to help with creating renderings . There is pay but it depends on the end product 
I ’ll go take a bath first 
Teacher Zhou , are you there ? 
Yes 
Is something up ? 
Can I ask a question ? 
The melting point of barium oxide is really high , at 1,923 degrees Celsius 
How can I steam it up ? 
The boiling point is 2,000 degrees 
Can I ask you a question ? What 's the boiling point of =water ? 
Oh 
I see 
You also need to control that temperature -- you can try it at 1,000 , 1,100 , and 1,200 
Teacher Zhou , are nanoburrs just nanorods ? 
No 
There are a lot of cerium dioxide nanorods 
Yes , there are 
Not many in nanoburr form 
But few are used for electrode materials 
I know now 
I 'll go and check them out again 
OK . What experiments have you done over the past few days ? 
I 've been over there preparing cerium dioxide nanorods and nanotubes 
What were your results like ? 
The anode coated with ni / ysz 
made from the electrolyte 
and the cathode 
I have n't yet got round to testing it 
I 'm testing it under electron =microscope on Friday 
What were the results like after it was coated ? 
Quite good 
It did n't drop off 
That 's good , then 
I 've still got one more question 
Is the cerium dioxide to be directly applied onto the electrolyte ? 
Yes 
Or applied onto the ni / ysz ? 
Is the ni / ysz used for contrast , right ? 
The Ni - YSZ is used for contrast 
You mix the CeO2 you made with the right amount of NiO to make the anode 
Oh , and another thing -- he has n't yet done it using the method of synthesis of my senior fellow student , Guan Lili , and it costs several hundreds of yuan to do it once 
Can I ask him to do that ? 》 
What method ? 
Over there in the materials institute 
I know now 
First finish planning the experiment out , and then show it to me , and we 'll discuss it then 
I think that method is a good one 
Teacher Zhou , do I still need to give the cerium dioxide one to you to write an experiment plan ? Even I know what needs to be done 
Wo n't you be using atomic - level deposits from the materials institute ? 
I will definitely need to write an experiment plan on that 
I mean those idear you gave me 
Do n't use anything else 
OK .
I 'll give you the atomic - level deposits plan as soon as possible 
The materials institute 's method is very good -- but it 's not easy to find a source for the Ce 
The ce source 
Can we buy it ourselves ? 
We can buy it ourselves -- it will probably be quite expensive 
You can first look it up yourself 
I see – I 'll take care of that 
No problem 
OK 
Get some rest , Teacher Zhou 
OK 
Good night ! 
Tingting 
Are you free now ? 
Feeling slightly better ? 
I 'm just a pig ! [ Emoticon ] 
Do n't be angry ! 
I 'll change ! Definitely change ! 
I 'll learn to be humble and tolerant in future , especially on special days .
I wo n't insist =fighting with you on who 's right and who 's wrong anymore .
What 's up ? 
Going for a bath in the evening 
Oh 
Nothing . Do you =really do n't know what I want to ask ? 
Do you still want to ignore me ? 
It 's OK , it 's fine now 
In that case , can you take a bath ? 
Oh , oh 
In that case , eat something before going 
Otherwise , it 's easy to have low blood sugar and get dizzy ! 
Hey , Brother Liuyu , do you have a U.S. mobile phone number ? I need your help for something . It has a pay .
I do but I seldom use it 
Do I have to have one ? 
My name is Lin Diao 
You may not be able to find me by mobile phone but you will definitely find me through email . I basically check my email 
That ’s fine . Can I talk to you on QQ or through email later ? 
You can also give me your number . I have a telephone in the office 
Either way will do 
Let ’s talk on email or QQ~~ 
Okay . Can I talk to you on QQ at noon ? I ’ll have to work now , hehe 
Okay~ 
Hey , it ’s like this . My professor wants to do 150 questionnaires at your school ( Philadelphia ) for a study on the attitude of people toward Korean food .
If you or your friends can help , we will pay you 300 dollars . Those who do the questionnaire will have an exquisite gift . We will send you the gifts by express 
Are you interested in helping ? 
We will be very grateful if you can 
Is the questionnaire long .. ? 
Are all the subjects students or ? 
How about you send your questionnaire to me first and I ’ll take a look for you when I go back ? 
I also have students from other schools here .. 
? 
The questionnaire can be finished in five to 10 minutes for sure 
Then please send the questionnaire ( electronic version ) to my email tonight . Can I reply to you at night ? 
There is no age limit =as long as they are students who live where you are 
Got it .
It ’s an extremely easy questionnaire .
Do you have an electronic version ? I want to take a look first before I give you a definite reply .. 
We only want to find people who live in Philadelphia 
No problem . I ’ll send you the questionnaire later 
OK , thank you for contacting me~~ 
There are probably 50 questions . All of them are to put a check mark 
OK , I will give you a reply after I read the questionnaire 
Ok , thank you 
There probably wo n’t be any problem 
I sent it 
Please check when you have time 
All right .
I got it 
Ok 
Both are 163 email , =awesome 
Actually , you can split the job with your friends . There are 300 dollars . You can consider sharing the job 
I already talked to my roommates 
I do n’t have too much time but they do 
I can do 100 questionnaires in a day by myself 
No problem . Can you send me an email after you ask ? 
I ’ll reply to you at night 
Do you want us to print the questionnaires ourselves or are you sending them to us together ? 
I saw it . You ’re sending them together , right ? 
Yes 
Ok . I ’ll reply to you tonight~~ 
We will send everything to you . You do n’t need to worry about anything 
Ok .
I have someone here from Public Health who wants to ask you : During the interview , can we fill the questionnaire out ourselves while the other party answers or are we only allowed to let them fill it out themselves after we give it them and collect it in the end ? 
They fill it out themselves and then collect it .
This is in fact easier 
I ’ll ask for their =opinions when I get back and then give you a reply 
Opinions 
Ok 
Are you there ? 
? 
I have a question : Approximately when do you need to have all of them completed ? 
If you send them separately , when will they arrive ? We ’ll soon have Spring Break . There may not be too many people . If so , I want to confirm with you 
Oh , I need to ask about this tomorrow . However , you will have enough time for sure 
I will send them out once you agree . They will arrive within next week 
I can send them to your home 
Which city are you in ? 
Fayetteville 
AR 
Okay 
If we have more than two weeks , I reckon we can finish it .
Otherwise , it will be too rush . I ’m asking the Master students here to help 
Sure , not a problem . I ’ll ask him for two weeks tomorrow 
Shall I reply to you afterwards ? 
Yes , if the time given is not too tight , I can agree .. 
However , send them out as soon as we agree 
[ expression ] I ’m very moved . Thank you . I ’ll ask tomorrow and reply to you as soon as possible . I ’ll then send them out right away . I ’ll try my best to send them out before the weekend 
You ’re welcome . Thank you for giving us this information . I ’m also pass on this to the people who have needs and the time , and also can help 
Is that yours ? 
I basically am not home during the day 
It ’s better for you to give me your name and telephone number so I can send them out by express 
I ’ll ask my roommate to help receive them 
Ok 
Thank you 
Right , you ca n’t ask Koreans or US - born Koreans to do this questionnaire . Try to avoid Chinese and Japanese . Others are okay . Americans are the best .
That .. 
I know , try your best .
Okay . At any rate , they ca n’t be Koreans for sure 
All our things were sent in the afternoon . They are expected to arrive on the weekend . You have two weeks from the day you receive the things . Thank you for your trouble ^ _ ^ 
OK 
I almost died today 
The car ? 
I had diarrhea 
Once every half an hour 
Oh 
I did n’t go to work today 
I seem to have Norfloxacin here 
I took Norxaxin already 
What did you eat ? 
Finally , I do n’t have it anymore 
It ’s depression 
.. 
Senior male fellow student , stick it out 
It started yesterday afternoon 
Alas , I ’m old 
No wonder 
I saw your status 
You should also be careful 
You ’ll get sick easily when you ’re too tired 
Yes 
My =boss pushes me too much recently 
Take it easy at work 
He still said that I am not efficient 
You need to be able to stand criticism 
Otherwise , you ’ll never be efficient 
I ’ll just get used to reporting my daily work to my boss then . Otherwise , he ’ll think that I have n’t done anything 
Has Hu Yude called you ? 
No 
He and I are not close anyway 
Oh 
What 's up ? 
I 've received [ an invitation | a bomb ] 
I ca n't go 
Oh 
You 'll soon be going back to work ? 
It 's still early 
It 's only been two months for me 
Have you lost weight ? 
No 
That butt is extraordinarily large now 
Heh heh 
Mainly because you have been eating too well these days 
You 'll gradually become thin 
I would actually like that 
Or you can wait , and lose weight after weaning 
I wonder whether it 's because I eat too little during meals 
Drink more soup 
Yeah 
Did Hu Yude call you ? 
I wanted to call you last night . It was really an inexplicable call , hehe ( from Wechat : http://weixin.qq.com/q ) 
I was afraid of affecting the child 's rest 
I knew it once he called me 
Although he was verbose for a long time 
Did you invite him to your wedding ceremony ? 
It seems that he attended it 
It is so long ago 
Then no wonder 
Will you go ? 
He invited me . Even if I do n't go , I should think of a good excuse , hehe 
If you go , send a customary cash gift for me 
How is your baby ? Pretty good ? 
Wo n't you go ? 
Hurry up and have a child 
I can not go . My husband 's flight is at 6:30 
Oh , I will send a gift for you if I go 
When can you decide whether you go or not ? 
Tomorrow . I will have a minor operation on my eye tomorrow . I do n't know whether the gauze can be removed on Saturday 
[=what is wrong | swollen ] ? 
It is really swollen ! A big pimple is found inside it 
Excessive internal heat 
Um . The doctor suggested making a small opening to get out the dirty stuff 
Otherwise , it will be too repugnant 
It is really not proper 
I got the civil scholarship from Columbia University .
I ’m happy . I want to share it with you . I also want to ask you some questions . When do you have time to discuss ? Either telephone or QQ will work . Thank you .
That ’s great !! 
Are you going to study for PhD ? 
Yes 
Are you enrolling in the fall ? 
I have a classmate who just graduated from Notre Dame School of Architecture and went to Columbia University to study . He said that it is great there ! 
That ’s right 
However , their civil is not highly - ranked 
We ’ll have more opportunities to gather together in the future !! 
30th 
That ’s right 
Oh , that ’s not important . It ’s geographical location is even in New York 
What about teacher ? 
You have to be very capable to stay in the United States =to be a teacher 
Yes , that ’s right . You have to be especially strong academically if you want to be a teacher here 
Many people will choose to go to better schools to do their post-doctoral studies 
That ’s it 
You ’ll have greater opportunity this way 
A Chinese teacher just came to our Mechanical . He graduated from Michigan State and went to MIT for post-doctoral studies 
Can I video chat with you to ask some questions ? 
Sure .
Thank you . I still have a lot of questions .
Okay . We ’ll chat tonight then !! 
Sure . Thank you .
Boss , when are you arriving in Jiangmen 
We will land in Jiangmen the moment you arrive in Jinan 
Then I wo n’t be able to see Kai Kai 
You can fly here 
Great , I just want to see Kai Kai , I do n’t want to see the boss 
I ’m jealous 
II want to see both 
Did you play in the round of 16 ? 
Yes 
And lost ? 
Lost to Cao Ying 
Uggh !!!!!!!! 
How about the doubles ? 
What ’s the score ? 
Also lost to Cao Ying 
… … I ’ll go kill Cao Ying 
The first 16 for the singles , how about the doubles ? 
1 to 6 , and 5 to 7 
The first eight 
Fuck , you could at least make it to the third game if Coach Liu were there , you could have won 
Do you still have the consolation match , has Chen Su finished the consolation match ? 
Yes , he has 
He ’s not here , he is training 
Have n’t you left yet ? 
The 18:30 flight on the 9th 
You both have no matches now ? 
Why can you take the flight here ? 
No 
Hoho , the flight ticket costs only 500 RMB , just 100 RMB more than the train ticket 
You have four guys 
You do n’t need to press the keyboard 
We have only two guys 
Just talk 
This is not taking a taxi , you stupid girl 
I ’m too lazy to say 
It ’s based on headcount 
I ’ll take you on a flight next time , behave 
Good 
We are very happy that you play so well 
We ’ll award you after we come back 
What award ? 
A feast 
I ’m leaving , bye - bye 
Bye - bye , watch out for safety this afternoon 
Thank you 
As for that email concerning performance - based salaries for lecturers , you should move quickly 
I 've already sent my reply to Manager Chen . I 'll forward a copy to you now 
Sent it to you 
I saw it 
What 's your opinion ? 
I do n't have any opinions . We made some corrections to the data 
It was amended ? 
It 's no longer that one which Chen Shaojia gave me yesterday ? 
Yeah 
That data from yesterday was not accurate 
I wrote about it in the email 
But there 's no content 
The email , or the attachment 
Oh 
I saw it 
At the bottom 
This type of calculation method does not have much effect , it will only cause trouble for the people calculating the salaries 
Yeah . I strongly agree with you 
Can it be amended ? 
Almost time to go to work ? 
Still one more month 
I 'm jealous 
I 've been working for two months 
Can the child sit straight now ? 
Still wobbly 
How much rice noodle does she eat each day ? I just bought it for =her today . Has n't eaten yet 
Almost does n't [ drink | eat ] powdered milk . Only [ drinks | eats ] milk 
At first she only [ drank | ate ] one spoon 
Just does n't like to [ drink | eat ] powdered milk 
[ Drinking | Eating ] when she 's sleeping is alright 
Now she [ drinks | eats ] 4 spoons every meal . Three meals a day 
Does she eat other food supplements ? Do n't even know how to feed her . Fed some mashed corn that I bought =her today and she seemed to love eating it 
You should add one for =her everyday 
See how =she reacts 
My daughter now eats fruit puree , rice noodle , porridge , as well as fruit blended into paste plus water I give her to drink 
Not [ drinking | eating ] powdered milk anymore ? I do n't want to buy =her phase two either . As soon as she sees the milk bottle she starts crying , as if I am feeding her poison 
Still have to give =her some powdered milk to [ drink | eat ] 
What will =she eat during the day once you go to work ? 
The main food still has to be milk before 8 months old 
Why do n't you pump it out before you leave ? Warm it up when it 's time to drink 
Wo n't [ drink | eat ] it . It is never more than 60 ml per day since she was born . She basically threw it all up 
Try feeding =her when she is asleep at night 
As soon as I feed powdered milk I started sweating all over 
It 's easy to feed her when she 's drowsy 
Tried every trick . She wo n't [ drink | eat ] 
Then =she can only be weaned off milk when you go to work 
A little smaller 
When I see her about to fall asleep , as soon as the nipple touches her mouth she starts crying 
Eat food supplements . I also want to wean her off milk at two years old 
By the way , did the neighborhood committee require you to wear an IUD when you put your daughter on the registered residence ? 
=No 
We are the only child on both sides 
Here we have to provide proof of wearing an IUD to get the god damn seal 
.... Faint 
Such despotic clauses 
So I 've been holding off putting her on the registered residence yet 
So are you going to wear it ? 
Guess I will have to wear it 
My classmate was asked to wear it over there in Huaiyin too . Because she received the birth certificate after giving birth to her child 
Insurance will cover this expense 
It is said that you do n't have to wear it if you applied for it in advance 
You keep all the bills 
How much will it cost ? 
Not cheap , I guess 
It has different types . It seems to have imported ones 
Just checked . It does n't cost much . The key is it feels like there are no god damn human rights at all 
It 's a little too far 
Did you receive your birth certificate afterward ? 
Um 
But you also need to wear it even if you received the birth certificate first 
This is my first time hearing you have to wear the IUD first before being put on the registered residence 
Here the registered residence is such a mess . It 's a part of Houlong 
My daughter 's residence is also registered in Huaiyin 
Put her in West Market 
Do n't you need the family planning department to put a seal on your birth certificate in order to be put on the registered residence ? 
Um 
They will only give you a seal if you provide proof of wearing the IUD 
Did n't you handle it at your work place ? 
God damn it , just for this I will exceed the birth limit by one . [ Dash their hopes for | Put into soup ] their annual bonus 
My seal was done in Gaoxin district . Put the registered residence in Huaiyin district 
Does n't the family planning department or neighborhood committee where you put the registered residence give the seal ? 
Do n't know 
My mother - in - law handled it 
She went there and got it done real quick 
Filled out a form 
That is so good . You did n't need to worry about anything 
She does n't watch the child , so she should run errands 
Each has their own tasks 
She must really want to help you watch her , but you wo n't let her 
You are really wrong 
She never wanted to watch her originally 
Sigh ... 
[ Emoticon ] It was you who started to hang out at your mother 's place . She had the intent but no place to put it 
For the first week or more she did n't come to visit , did n't even call , and never asked about the child or any such things 
Yours is almost 10 Kg ? 
8.5 Kg 
Her body type does n't take after her father . Not considered too fat 
Um 
On the slim and tall side 
[ Beauty genes | Embryo of a beauty ] 
Did she take Yikexin ? 
Taking everyday 
I 'm worried she 'll lack calcium 
Growing so fast 
Mine takes it every day too . Every time we go to the person who does the vaccine he always reemphasizes it twice 
Guess mine is about 8.5 Kg as well . Weighed 7.75 Kg last month . It 's over a month again today 
My daughter does n't grow meat 
She 's not eating too little but her weight wo n't increase 
That 's the effect we want . =To save her from worrying about losing weight when she grows up 
Who knows what she 'll look like when she grows up 
She will take after you when she grows up 
Hope so 
Look at what you said . She must be a lot more beautiful than you . Wait to [ get jealous | drink vinegar ] 
I 'm just worried about her figure 
Already starting to take shape now 
Keep it up 
Your daughter is really called Wang Chenchijing ? 
No 
Wang Xiaoyujie 
Is n't she called Wang Chenchijing 
That was chosen by Wang Qiuguang himself 
Everyone disagreed 
This one was from fortune - telling 
Wang Xiaoyujie . Did you ask for four characters ? 
Fortune - telling said Yujie or Zeyu . We chose Yujie . Then her father wanted to add a xiao . Asked me to choose . I chose this character 
[ Emoticon ] There definitely wo n't be any duplicates 
Yes 
Xiaoyan , I 've read your message 
Barium oxide is still not right 
How many degrees Celsius did you process the barium oxide at ? 
20 - 600 min - 1200 - 120 min - 1200 - 121 
Next time you could lower the processing temperature to 1,100 or 1,000 
Lower the temperature ? 
The time would still be for 2 hours 
After 1,200 degrees Celsius , you need to lower the temperature by 5 degrees Celsius every minute . Do n't =lower it too quickly 
Oh 
And the other thing is that I do n't think this latest batch of batteries of yours was very good 
The barium ones ? 
And the silver ones 
They were the worst ones left behind by the teacher 
The results of the silver ones you did this time were not good either 
I 'm waiting for the latest batteries 
Hmm 
Xiaoyan , did n't Xu Jia heat up the electrolytes ? 
He 's still doing other things , I think . Yesterday my cathode was even heated using the tube kiln 
On the electrolytic film you have heated up , first screen print the anode ( Ni - YSZ ) , and then impregnate it with BaO 
In this way , the performance of the battery may not be very good , but its stability will be very good 
Oh 
Xu Jia 's electrolyte could be made a little thinner . It 's fine as long as it can eventually be sealed into the battery . It does n't need to be particularly flat 
The batteries are made like that here 
You can do them 100 micrometers thick ( the electrolyte ) 
You should make use of Xu Jia 's electrolytic film 
The traditional batteries with Ni - SYZ anode support flow cast by our lab are probably not easy to improve from the point of view of resisting carbon deposition 
and so I think you should also focus on the same thing as Xu Jia , 
and then I 'll give you some new ideas 
Oh , OK . Teacher , please summarize them 
Firstly , do a good job with the current flow cast ones 
and at the same time make use of Xu Jia 's electrolytic film , screen - print Ni - YSZ anode , and then steam - plate BaO 
The above covers two study orientations 
After screen - printing the Ni - YSZ anode for Xu Jia 's electrolytic film , you could also impregnate them in silver 
The performance is one aspect . The most crucial aspect depends on the stability and the resistance of the electrodes 
Oh , OK 
Do you understand ? 
Hmm 
If you think Xu Jia 's film is too thick , you can mill it down a bit 
How about the low power discharge in the one with electrolytic support ? 
The discharge of power is definitely low 
but I think it 's OK if it can discharge at 200 milliwatts 
You will still need to carry on doing the silver - impregnated ones 
You should do your best to write an article 
Hmm 
And the other thing is that there is no propane left , right ? 
Right 
Are you sure ? 
It 's an empty bottle 
Did it leak into the air ? 
The valve on it is very weak 
Propane pressure is low , and the pressure is not indicated 
It escaped ages ago and there 's none left 
How did it happen ? 
I twisted it to the highest setting 
and there was no gas left 
Have you tested it in water ? 
I probably forgot to close it 
Were there any air bubbles ? 
We 've never really used it before 
I have n't tested it in water 
You can try it 
I 'll go and have a look this afternoon 
If there really is none , you can ask for a bottle 
The gas is not expensive -- it 's the bottle that 's expensive 
Oh 
You can tell them we have a bottle , and they will change it for us 
Hmm 
Is there any sound coming from the flow meter that was =repaired afterwards ? 
Can it work normally ? 
It can work normally 
A very low droning sound 
What power supply did you use ? Was it the one I gave you ? 
Yes 
In that case , there should n't be a great problem 
Hmm 
Give it an inspection whenever you have time 
OK 
Have they signed the nature fund project ? 
I think so 
I did n't have enough time to read it 
That 's mine . I included you in it 
Oh 
You 're the mainstay of the project 
Is it still the same one as last time ? 
The area of study being written on by Teacher Tian this year ? 
It 's still that area of study 
I was originally writing on sulfur extraction this year 
Nothing came of it 
The teacher was even too busy to deal with a special project on water 
So she has n't written it this year ? 
I do n't think so 
That ca n't be right . That 's such a pity 
It was prepared by one of my fellow students last year 
Nothing has come of it 
Hmm 
Had I known this , I could have written one for Teacher Tian . Haha 
You could do 
You can do the one on barium oxide for the time being 
Hmm 
I was thinking of asking you to do some work on stability 
On resistance to carbon deposition ? 
Before I left , you also already knew Xu Jia 's work . You could fully use his work in your experiments 
Because the power discharge is actually quite good 
I just want to =enhance the stability of biogas 
Hmm 
I 'll summarize my views this week . When I 've done it , I 'll send it to you 
OK 
There is someone over here doing battery anode , and his results are OK . We could learn from them 
Hmm , those done by foreigners should be OK 
Hurry up and write that Chinese article . If you have any problems , let me know 
Hmm , I 'm doing it 
What they are doing is the core - shell structure and nanostructure of Pt and CeO2 
The general direction is the same as what I 'm thinking of , in other words , they have a specialized focus on core - shell structure 
It seems that core - shell structure is not easy to do , 
but the results are great 
I 'm writing an article . If I need additional data , I 'll let you know 
At the moment , the data is quite plentiful . I 'm thinking of whether to make some selection 
Oh , Xu Jia 's CeO2 - based nano anode material is a good study focus 
You could do that 
Hmm 
When we 're testing batteries , it 's sufficient to use gases with a flow rate of 50 milliliters . It 's okay not to use 100 - milliliter ones 
Hmm 
50 is quite ideal 
Yes 
We could use 4 silver threads for the cathode 
In case they =break 
They wo n't 
The main problem is the seal 
The rest is easy to handle 
Is the seal OK now ? 
Hmm 
It 's fixed , I believe 
If the sealing glue is not easy to use , you should order some in advance 
When the time comes , I 'll call you 
Hmm , it 's quite OK 
Let 's wait a while before ordering it 
OK 
You 've done some data on methane and carbon dioxide ones 
Yes 
What do you plan to do next ? 
I have n't any good ideas . It seems other people have done quite a lot on this 
Even if other people have done it , you can do it also 
You could do something on power discharge and stability of batteries with varying carbon dioxide content 
Their conclusion is that the diluting effect of carbon dioxide does n't have a great impact on electricity output 
If you managed to get some data , you could probably have an article 
I think it definitely does have an impact 
There was one on power discharge 
But we just do n't know at what concentration of the carbon dioxide it begins to have an impact 
You could try to do that 
I 'll go and test the duration of that 
in connection with the resistance 
Should I still use these ratios ? 
I see you 've done ones with 2 ratios 
5 ratios 
One ratio at different temperatures , and different flow rates under the same temperature 
If I go to Wuhan University to see the cherry blossoms now , will I have to buy a ticket to get in ? 
Last weekend you did n’t yet have to , I think 
This weekend will the cherry be in blossom ? My husband wants to go to Wuhan 
Can you still get into Wuhan University from Shuiyuan ? 
It should be in blossom 
If they are selling tickets , then you wo n’t be able to get in from anywhere 
Oh 
They keep security very tight 
You at work ? 
Mm 
Registration will begin for exam in Wuhan 
Oh , yes 
Dear 
What you made yesterday can not be sold at a good price online 
My little aunt told me so 
How do you know ? [ emotion ] 
All are cheap goods 
Because the texture does n’t look good 
You find one encrusted with diamonds on the Net 
Korean style 
Make one accordingly 
OK 
I am beginning to learn 
I just bought some cheap materials 
I will buy expensive materials when I can do well 
OK 
Yes 
Which kind of diamond encrusted ones would you like ? 
Korean style 
One that can be sold for dozens of yuan 
A well made one can cost hundreds 
This kind of cheap ones can be sold for only dozens of yuan 
And the postage fee 
Nobody will buy 
Well 
Just because I have been busy with the auditing work 
Work overtime every day 
Well 
You get another kind when you are free 
I just had no time for it 
Anyhow we do n’t have to rush 
Just learn first now 
My little aunt wants me to take the civil service exam 
I have no preparation at all 
There is one month 
The exam of Hubei ? 
Yeah 
Take the exam 
Maybe you can succeed suddenly 
Not yet in Guangdong 
How can that be so easy 
Color arrangement like =this . Just OK if the texture looks good 
Have a try 
You can come back and play 
Good 
I do n’t know how to match 
Just see on the Net and do accordingly 
Just buy this kind with texture that looks good 
What does texture mean ? 
Without too bright colors 
But looks good when properly arranged 
Buy some Vivi or Rayli to read 
Have a look at the color arrangement 
Buy ribbons of good colors 
The material is important 
You can see others are selling at 799 
You make one accordingly 
People with buy if you sell at 79 
So [ shocking | thunder ] [ emotion ] 
There are still the full - set type 
Oh God 
Got to study 
Do n’t look at the price , dear 
You just look at the style 
Send those you think are well made to me in the evening 
I want to [ imitate | mountain fastness ] them 
Buy the material first 
It is OK to find one or two stores 
I wo n’t visit Taobao in the evening , dear 
I have poor taste [ emotion ] 
You find it now [ emotion ] 
The product of the store on the bottom looks good 
It is said to be from Korean 
Almost OK , dear 
These stores are just OK 
You just have a look at the style 
Just need this Korean style 
You will know it if you see more 
So many [ emotion ] 
Yeah 
Hehe 
The last store has sold dozens 
Why do n’t you sleep 
Because it is quite noisy in our office 
I agree . Mine are suitable for street booths 
Street booths are good - looking , huh , dear 
Then I sell at a lower price [ emotion ] 
You search on the Internet 
Now there are people selling clamps for one yuan online 
Good 
[ Miraculous | Sweat ] [ emotion ] 
It seems we can only sell the high - ends 
Yes 
Do n’t sell too high 
Where can I buy materials at lower prices ? 
You can see the items in the last store are not very expensive 
But the sales volumes are all good 
Then how can I know that , dear 
Let ’s form a partnership [ emotion ] 
I have no money =dear 
Dear 
You see your store is not used 
Yeah 
You want to use =my store ? 
Damn 
Is n’t it the same ? 
Not the same 
There is n’t any difference [ emotion ] 
Did n’t you have a store ? 
Did n’t you just open it ? 
Yeah 
Yeah , I have run it for long 
I opened it on March 8 
But I want to sell clothes and handbags in that store 
I have n’t uploaded any pictures 
You do n’t have to find anybody for partnership 
Really 
=How is the effect ? 
Have you sold any ? 
Sold a handbag 
Then I did n’t do much about it 
You make some good ones 
Take some good - looking pictures 
Upload to the Internet 
OK 
Run the store first 
I am modifying the picture 
Good 
It takes too much time 
You got to photo the clamps one by one 
The only thing is I ca n’t do that at work 
Best to be like this 
Yes 
Yeah 
So you should do the preliminary work first 
OK 
I run the store first 
I will discuss about it in the sideline group after finishing it 
The comrade will teach you 
Good 
Yeah 
You got to run the store first 
Then give you some suggestions 
It is rather vacant to talk about it now 
Why do n’t you do with yours ? 
I help my colleague to run her store 
Hers is easier to operate than mine 
What does she sell ? 
Why is it easier to operate ? 
Because her store has been operating for years 
She has a group of customers 
Dear 
Have you registered ? 
Where did you apply for ? 
There is Hanchuan [ emotion ] 
I have n’t registered yet 
How about you 
Not yet 
I am about to register 
Change for which kind of life 
Dear 
These are pretty good - looking 
So deadly busy 
I have made the kind above 
What are you busy with ? 
Auditing 
I am leaving my office , dear 
You did n’t log on with your cell phone 
I am sick 
I asked for leave 
Woowoo 
What happened to you dear 
I got a fever 
I guess I was too tired 
=Poor 
Have you got injected ? 
Or just taking medicine ? 
No 
I did n’t take any medicine 
I have n’t gone to hospital 
Go quickly 
It ’s already 10 
I have n’t got up , I think I am going to be good , it ’s not serious 
Ok 
Drink more water dear 
The electricity is cut off [ emotion ] 
You should not drink cold water even if so 
Lying , I should get some medicine in the noon 
I do n’t want to join the department activity tomorrow 
OK 
Have a good rest at home 
Dear 
Woman~ What are you doing 
Playing 
Ah 
Cool 
Woman , I have the impulsion to resign 
Dear 
Impulsion is a devil 
Find your new employer before resigning 
Or you come back 
You are always welcomed 
Well , I also think impulsion is dangerous 
Are you back in Wuhan ? 
Yep 
Then are you resting or working ? 
Working 
Anything 
Nothing 
Hehe 
hi 
Can you help me print a material with color printing tomorrow ? I need to use it the day after tomorrow~ 
Can you send it over today ? 
I am still in the laboratory 
I ca n't finish it until tomorrow 
Then tomorrow 
Thank you very much 
Can I send it to you tomorrow afternoon ? 
Do you need binding after it is printed ? 
Great , I need it . I was just worried about it , but not now . I will tell you after I go back 
Are you there ? 
Tingting 
Are you there ? 
It 's raining today 
I 'll go register for you tomorrow 
Yes 
I 'm just going to tell you this 
Do n't go today 
There is no hurry 
Just find a good day to go there 
OK 
Are you busy today ? 
Not really 
Oh 
Have you seen Engineer Liu today ? 
=Nope 
You meant the contract , right ? 
Oh 
Oh 
Yes 
Is there any news ? 
If you think in a negative way , you can say nothing will come of it ; if you think in a positive way , you can say all good things come to those who wait 
Is it convenient for you to take a phone call ? 
OK 
OK 
Are you there ? 
There is =no battery . With zero battery , let 's not make a phone call 
Oh 
Did you log on to a wrong QQ account just now ? 
=Nope 
=Logged on as mine 
It 's been mine all the time 
I was forced to get offline just now ! 
Gosh ! 
I logged on automatically , so it could n't possibly be wrong 
Have you logged on in two places and got them mixed up ? 
In that case , remember to recharge 
No 
OK 
Maybe it 's an Internet problem ! 
They two are lovey - dovey , I 've logged out 
Oh 
=Where are you ? 
WC 
Can not get it out , I 'd rather do it back home 
Have a cup of coffee , take a rest , and then try it =again 
Did you wipe your butt ? 
Got it out now 
I have to walk home today 
Why ? 
It 's raining and I did n't ride my bike 
Have you changed your avatar ? 
Oh 
In that case , go back by taking 31 
It 's raining like this 
I do n't want to take the bus 
Oh 
You have to wait a very long time 
Then , as you please ! [ emoticon ] 
I want to eat zucchini pancake today 
Oh 
You do n't want to make it , do you ? 
If I am at home and have made it , it would be great ! 
I still want to 
I have been thinking of it for the whole afternoon . I thought of something to eat at midday 
Are you complaining that what I made is not tasty ? 
Better not do it . If you have made it , you will definitely complain about me again 
Have I ? 
By the way , I saw a sentence this afternoon 
What ? 
Say it 
It says if a woman finds a right husband , she herself is just a treasure . If she finds a wrong husband , she is not even worth a blade of grass 
It seems to make a lot of sense 
It makes sense ! 
Have you changed your avatar ? 
Oh 
Yes 
What 's up ? 
No wonder , I even thought something went wrong with my cellphone 
=Never mind 
No 
Why do n't you go to eat yet ? 
Just now it was Little Tian who got on 
It 's time now 
5:30 
I do n't think so 
Oh 
Did you leave me a message just now ? 
What message ? 
I used his machine in Longcheng last time 
He got on by accident 
What a coincidence ! 
Oh , =never mind 
I just asked , are you there ? 
It 's fine 
Oh 
Speaking =of eating meals , I just feel mad ! 
? 
You were not allowed to eat ? 
None of them is going to eat at noon . Big and Little Brother Zhang , Brother Gang all ask me to bring it to them 
Oh 
Then just bring it 
The road is completely muddy 
Everyone is too lazy to go ! 
No one is willing to go in the rain 
I 'm not planning to go either 
Who is to blame if you are a junior ? 
So nobody is going to eat ? 
Big Brother Zhang directly came to the office and said : Little Zhang , bring me a meal ! 
It would also be fine to go back to eat noodles 
Gosh ! 
Just had the bad luck ! 
Yes ! 
Sigh 
Just go 
I 'm fed up ! 
I really do n't want to go in the evening 
If you do n't go now , you will need to bring more 
It 's not time to get off work yet ! 
Buy noodles in future and just eat noodles when it rains 
[ emoticon ] Good idea ! 
I 've got some task 
When you go , find two plastic bags to wrap your feet with 
Talk to you later 
I did exactly that at noon today ! 
Not stupid after all 
Go do your stuff 
A must ! 
Do n't you see whose husband I am ! 
How could I be stupid ! 
As long as it has nothing to do with me , it 's fine 
Says who ? It 's all the result of being trained by my leader ! 
Are you getting off work ? 
Hmm 
I 'm leaving 
Oh 
Have a safe trip ! 
I still have to work hard on =revising my thesis ! 
Go to eat your meal 
I ca n't go ! 
OK 
In that case , you do your stuff first 
Hehe 
Have you got home ? 
Tingting 
Are you there ? 
I got up =late today and I am eating 
Oh 
Little Tingting ! 
I said I would wake you up in the morning and you did n't let me ! [ emoticon ] 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
When did you get up ? 
20 minutes late 
What 's the weather like today ? 
Oh 
Pretty cold , is n't it ? 
It 's okay 
About the same as yesterday 
Then you eat , and no more talking for the time being 
I 've done with eating 
Are you busy ? 
Oh 
In that case , you get on with what you 're doing first 
I 've opened an account at vip . qzone . com . Take a look 
Oh ? OK 
It 's fine , I 've got nothing to do at the moment 
How come you have signed up now ? 
Oh 
I saw it 
Just use it after sign - up 
What benefits does it have ? [ emoticon ] 
There are a little bit privileges 
Sending you gifts and whatnot 
QQ display , Qzone decorations and whatnot 
Oh 
Do n't you feel you have been taken in ? 
Did n't you want to open one ? 
As long as you like it , you are not taken in ! 
Hehe 
I do n't really want to , I just feel it is quite a waste if the calling fees are not used up 
Yes 
But 
It will be great if it can be transferred to you ! 
Right ? 
I am running out of bandwidth again 
Let me give mine to you , I do n't even use it ! 
I really want 
What do you want ? 
But whatever I want will be a waste of effort 
I 'm even thinking in the wrong direction ! 
Do you fiercely " want " it ? 
Where are you ? [ emoticon ] 
Is someone at home ? 
Oh 
Someone at home ? 
Home ? Someone ? 
Oh 
What ? 
Why Oh ? 
What home , what person ? 
I was just asking : are you online ? 
Gosh ! 
Oh , OK 
Miscommunication 
Total lack of tacit agreement ! 
I dreamed of you last night 
Oh 
What did you =dream about me ? 
Bad things 
Did I make you mad ? 
It 's just that you brought a woman back 
What happened ? 
You also admitted your mistake to me 
Did I =climb over the pillow ? 
No 
What woman ? 
Gosh 
I 'm finished ! 
It 's just that you have been together for several years 
What 's going on in your mind ? 
As if there was indeed such a woman ! 
Then I asked how you would make your choice 
You said you would choose me 
Then ? 
But that woman kept following you and you kept saying she was very good 
What about that woman ? 
I asked when it started . You said several years ago 
What did that woman =look like 
Pretty ? 
Gosh ! 
Just that type of fresh and pretty little woman , I think 
Did I say it started as early as June 2009 ? 
No 
Great ! 
I think you said it started after you went to Dongying , etc. 
Just take me to meet her when I have time and the opportunity ! 
Hehehe 
I forgot exactly =what she looked like . I just remember she wore a white dress , and her appearance was automatically blocked 
It seems that you have been always distrustful of =me ! 
of me 
I just felt I was very stupid 
Hehe 
Stupid of what ? 
I felt as if I were watching a TV drama series 
That is , I just felt I was very stupid when you told me about it at the time 
Afterwards , I actually still believed you , but you still kept on telling me how very nice she was 
I was displeased and left , and you even chased me together with her 
I was still riding my little bike 
and you were already riding a mountain bike 
Hmm 
Are you there ? 
Are you back from your amorous adventures ? 
You 've got a really rich imagination ! 
Yes ! 
Back from my amorous adventures ! 
I even rode a mountain bike ! 
Yes 
I 've been always very gracious 
Not busy 
Are you busy today ? 
It 's just that the dream I had made me very displeased 
You could n't really be gracious on this issue ! 
You can not be gracious on the issue of principles ! 
Let 's hope 
The dream is always the opposite of reality ! 
It cast a gloom on my mind 
All of a sudden , I found I did n't seem to trust you very much 
Is n't it great when you woke up and found it was a dream not a fact ? 
No , I was mad and tired 
Yes ! 
Is n't that your fault ? ! 
I 've never felt this way before 
It did n't seem so 
After all , you really could n't bear losing me 
How could you have this feeling now ? 
It 's you who have damaged the image of you in my heart little by little 
The image is completely gone 
All of a sudden , I felt that the previous steadfast and generous you was all faked 
Wrong accusation ! 
Moreover , it was a particularly ill - concealed deception , yet I was actually stupid enough to believe it 
Bragging 
How could I be so naive back then ? 
You sound like you were won over by me through deception ! 
Could it be otherwise ? 
I believed whatever you had said 
What defeated you was not " naivety ! " 
It was 
I really regret it now 
lack of =guile ! 
It 's over ! 
Too late 
Exactly 
You 've got on a thief 's boat 
and have no way of getting off ! 
When can you become really steadfast and generous ? 
I 've got something to attend to 
Talk to you later 
Are you there ? 
Offline ? 
I 'm here 
I 'm going to sign up at midday 
Oh 
Are you eating ? 
Are you there ? 
I 'm going to Dongying ; give me a call if something crops up ! Kiss ~ you 've been working hard ! 
Are you there ? My dear ! @ 
… 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
Engineer Liu asked me to check something for him just now 
Are you done ? 
Oh 
Are you going to eat ? 
I took the opportunity to quietly check the accounting 
Not done yet 
What 's up ? 
Wu is busy doing something 
I =sneaked out 
Oh 
I 'll go eat shortly , and I got online for a break 
What accounting did you check ? 
The score sheet 
and reporting process 
Was n't it over already ? 
I just could n't print it out 
Does it need to be printed out ? 
Um , I have to make sure if there is any score . I still have to print it out 
Hmm 
I can do it here ! 
In that case , I 'm going to eat 
No hurry 
OK 
Eat more ! 
OK 
Are you there ? 
Little Tingting 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
There is no camera ! 
What camera ? 
Did n't you send a request for video chat ? 
Oh , yes , the old man said the stuff will be sent over today 
Oh 
When did I send a request for video chat ? 
Uh 
I did n't 
Maybe I pushed the wrong button 
Oh 】 
What stuff is there ? 
I do n't know 
Quite annoying 
Hehe 
You are even annoyed when you are given stuff 
I 'm at work , and with so many people , it would attract a lot of attention 
Are you currently in the surveillance room ? 
We are all here , including Qingdao Bank and whatnot 
That 's true ! 
Uh-huh 
Are you now by yourself or everyone is there ? 
Everyone is here 
Oh 
There should be a cabinet , a drinking water dispenser , and a TV set 
That bunch of old children have all gone to Dongying 
We 're now free 
Actually , there is n't really room for so many things 
Right 
Where did he get them ? 
Moreover , I do n't want all of them to know where I live either 
I do n't know 
Right 
Then what should be done ? 
Just the upstairs that is not in use 
Oh 
If I know what to do , I wo n't feel vexed 
There wo n't be any need to tell you either 
Why not place the stuff at the principal 's place first ? 
Do you think it 's okay ? 
I 'd rather just forget it 
That 's not really good either ! 
Right 
More trouble 
Let me think about it 
Ca n't you =return it ? 
Engineer Liu has always wanted to know where I live 
Oh 
I ca n't return it , it has already come to this point now 
How frustrating ! 
Sigh 
Right ! 
Right now , it is such a mess here . I really do n't want to get too much involved 
Can you go out to the bathroom ? 
I 'll call you to discuss it 
They are distributing gifts related to the Women 's Day this afternoon . I have one and was especially told to go upstairs to get it . I was especially told that Deputy General Manager Wang submitted my name , otherwise I would n't have gotten it . I was especially told to go thank her 
OK 
Are you there ? Little Tingting 
Yes 
Have you eaten ? 
Yes 
How about you ? 
Have you eaten ? 
Where are you ? 
Hmm 
I 've eaten 
How was your sleep last night ? 
Are you sure now whether you can come back or not ? 
It 's OK 
What 's up ? 
Is it about the arrangement of weekend shifts ? 
Never mind , just asking 
Hmm 
Is it ? 
The opposing debater is requested to answer my question directly ! [ emoticon ] 
Hmm , I said hmm 
Oh 
Struggling 
Wait a minute , I 'll go ask around 
OK , never mind , no hurry 
What a wimpy man ! 
Who are you referring to ? ! 
Depending on the context … 
Uncivilized ! 
No money can buy my willingness 
Haha 
Invisible 
Anybody there ? [ emoticon ] 
Ignoring you 
My nose is itching 
(( No more chatting with you )) 
There =is n't one good icon 
This is just what I feel right now 
There is n't one good icon ! 
I 'm not going back ! 
If you are not coming =back , just not coming =back 
You can show off from here ! 
I do n't want you 
In that case , I will really not go back 
OK 
I said I do n't want you 
I 'm leaving 
If you leave , just leave , why do you still turn your head back ? 
I 'm turning my head back to spite you 
It 's none of your business 
Pfft 
I 'll ignore you , and you should not provoke me either 
I ca n't see that damned picture 
Lurking 
Hanging up 
Bye 
I 'm asking you a question ? 
Discussing serious matters 
Ignoring you 
If I can not provide a lot of betrothal gifts when I marry you , what can I do ? 
If there is no motorcade of luxury cars when we two get married , what should we do ? 
Do n't marry =then 
What will happen if we two get married and still do n't have our own apartment ? 
Will you still be with me ? 
Truth or lie ? 
What should I do if you do n't want me when the time comes ? 
Work really hard now 
Say whatever as you please , I will agree to all 
You are the leader ! 
I do n't know what I will do before the time comes 
Maybe I will be just the second Liu Haigang when the time comes ! 
How ? 
Breaking up ? 
With other people pointing at my nose and laughing at me every day ! 
For not having a girlfriend even at the age of 34 ! 
Nobody can predict today what will happen tomorrow 
Hehe 
Maybe 
This society is too realistic , and the reality is too scary ! 
In fact , when the time comes , the pressure will be tremendous . Maybe the only reason for continuing to stick it out is this man 's kindness and love to this woman 
If today or tomorrow , I say I will marry you , will you agree ? 
Will you ? 
Do you know what this means to a woman ? 
One word or two words decided on a whim means a lifetime of happiness 
Yes ! 
Well - said ! 
The opposing debater has not answered my question directly ! 
As a matter of fact , to be honest , I would have agreed to you without hesitation if it were before our quarrel last time last year , but now , I am not ready yet 
That means you are still observing me , and I am just still in the probation period ! 
Right ? 
This is what I truly feel . When there is no basic guarantee of material wealth as described by you nor a sense of 100 % security psychologically , what would you do if it were you ? 
Yes 
I 'm still observing … 
Yes 
In fact , I 've been also thinking of this matter all the time ! 
Man proposes , God disposes .
Why should we think so much and make our lives so tiring ! 
Do n't you agree ? 
Yes 
OK , let 's eat 
But , Sister Wang (( at the brake )) said she almost got depression at that time 
It 's almost the time , right ? 
Your place 
Me also at 11:30 
I eat at 11:30 
When was that ? 
The time when she just got married and everything was unstable , with no money , no savings , and then all of a sudden she was pregnant 
Sometimes , I am thinking that if you also leave me in the end , whether I will lose the motivation to live 》 
Oh 
Yes 
She said that only after marriage did she find what she had thought previously was too simple and too naive 
Actually , I 've been thinking of some matters in the future , but I feel there are many things that are really beyond my control ! 
Sigh 
Maybe this is just life ! 
Being born ~ living on … 
Where are you ? [ emoticon ] 
Have you gone to eat ? 
Or you do n't want to (( chat with me ? )) 
Are you there , Lu Ye ? 
Yes , I am [ emoticon ] , hello Xiao Hui 
Where do you work now ? 
I am now working in New Oriental 
What ’s the exact location in Beijing 
Zhongguancun . What , anything good to share ? 
Nothing … I ’ve just changed my job 
I can use the QQ now , so I ’m just keeping in touch 
We are moving further away from each other 
Yes ? Where do you work now ? 
Well , very well written English 
Thank you , I am working at Wanda Plaza to the east of Guomao Building 
Dawang Road of No. 1 Line 
Well , are you still working with law in the east ? 
Yes , right , I am working as a legal assistant in a media company 
Starting all over again 
Right , it ’s good to be a professional , too 
It ’s mainly because I can work in the same company as Xiu Qin , she recommended me to her company 
Well , that ’s really nice 
I want to change a trade , and learn something new on a different platform 
Therefore here I am 
Right , it ’s good you are thinking this way 
Congratulations on the new job , new horizons 
[ emoticon ] Are you going to teach at New Oriental ? 
Yes 
English teacher ? 
Xiao Hui , I am going to lunch , so I might leave for a while . Leave a message and I will reply later 
Yes 
OK , take your time 
Manager Chen , are you there ? 
Is our company still hiring Business Support ? 
No 
I plan on changing jobs 
Hehe 
You can look for it in advance 
I have to listen to General Manager Wei in this matter 
Um , I ’ll talk to him when I have time 
(( Why do n’t you ask Manager Xiang to get the benefits for you ? )) 
I told him already 
We ’ll have to see who gets down to it 
Hehe 
Oh 
Hello , I saw it before , but I was quite busy then , so I did not reply to you 
Oh , oh~ It 's OK . I just changed it , and only two items are to be compared 
I do n't know if I understand you correctly . You are going to compare three kinds , but you need to study A / B or A / C only . If so , 
OK . That is also what I would recommend 
But I still want to ask a question 
Just go ahead 
I have an assessment of JOA improvement rates , using statistical analysis of continuous measurements 
The results have great heterogeneity 
I do n't know how to deal with that . The evaluation methods are the same , so there should be not clinical difference 
== I will take a snapshot of the =tables 
There has to be a discussion about the source of heterogeneity , but it is also unavoidable 
You should discuss the source from clinical aspects as possible as you can 
Take a look and find out if it is about standard deviations or standard errors in the first place 
The two groups in the middle should be the two subgroups in the same article , which should have no direct heterogeneity . However , =heterogeneity is present in the pairwise comparisons of three articles 
Oh 
OK 
The sample size is not large , but the standard deviations are all small . Take a look and see if you have mistaken standard errors for standard deviations 
OK~ Let me have a try 
If using the random one , do I need to change this [ picture ] to the below one ? 
Yes , Revman 
The two options here 
I do n't quite understand STATA - - # I need to study it later ... 
Revman is enough 
Regarding heterogeneity , what should be discussed ? 
I am comparing two =surgical approaches . The surgical approaches are the same in that article , and the rating criteria are also the same . Do I need to consider anything else that is relatively important ? - - # 
I have too little experience to figure it out ... 
This is hard to say clearly . You need to do concrete analysis of specific issues .
I suggest you complete the subgroup analysis , sensitivity analysis , and quality assessment 
OK 
and summarize the characteristics of articles to find the differences 
For example ? 
It is not about articles , but the characteristics of the study designs , basic conditions of the patients , and follow - up times 
Oh , oh 
Sometimes , through the quality assessment and sensitivity analysis of articles , you will be able to identify which articles are the source of differences 
These are all written in the search strategy . They are basically at the same level , such as age , sex , follow - up , and so on 
OK 
By analyzing the aspects in one article that are different from those in other articles , you may be able to explain the heterogeneity 
I will take a look at them again . Sensitivity analysis , I have n't seen this before 
Um 
Thank you~ 
If you have sufficient time , I suggest you read the =Cochrane Handbook first 
You can basically find the solution ideas in it for all problems you have encountered 
OK ! 
Which director 's student are you ? ? 
Chen Weishan - - Ha 
How many graduate students does Director Chen have this year ? 
Anyway , take your time to make it well~~ I wish you all the best 
This year ? Probably two from Batch 07 
Um , thanks 
I am now in a foreign country . Sometimes I read the messages from Q on my cell phone , and I forget them right after I read them .
You 'd better send e - mails to contact me , and be more specific when you ask a question , otherwise it would be difficult for me to give you a lengthy and detailed answer . I hope you understand .
- - Sure , I will . I got it~ 
I received it~ 
Then I will have to bother you if I have other questions . Ha 
I will go to study it first =. = 
It is midnight here . I am going offline now . No problem 
Right , oh ... 
Next week I =am going to Thailand to have fun . Do you have many vacation days ? You must go to Thailand 
I do not have many vacation days . Wish you a pleasant trip ! 
Hello , Zhang Na .
You did n't go to work today , right ? 
I have one thing to bother you here . Do you still remember the list of ongoing projects of construction organizations I faxed to you before the New Year ? 
Due to careless handover by a resigned clerk on my side , I can not found the original copy for the moment . Can you rescan the faxed copy or fax it to me ? 
OK 
Contact me when you are online . I 'll take a look and see if I have a saved copy here 
Good morning , Zhang Na 
Hello 
I have only these two here 
Yes , these two are exactly what I wanted . Thank you so much 
Never mind 
Dear , as for the bills for the Recruiting Office ’s expenses , how did you deal with them over there ? 
Still lying in the box 
Zou even has n't signed those from last year 
I meant to say those from [ 2011 | 11 Year ] 
Ca n’t find that box from [ 2010 | 10 Year ] which was placed in Zou 's office now . Those from [ 2011 | 11 Year ] are lying in a box . Those from [ 2012 | 12 Year ] are lying in a box 
They have not been entered into accounts all this time 
The (( invoices )) are all invalid now 
They 've been entered 
(( Entered as bare figures )). Just that there are no appendices in the follow - up 
[ 2012 ’s | 12 Year ’s ] were also processed in this way ? 
Not processed yet 
Should we consult Liu ? 
I reckon they should be entered into the accounts first 
She said that you and I could consult each other and do it together 
Should I ask her whether they can be directly entered first ? 
The problem is that the borrowings outnumber bills 
Nearly all the people in the Recruiting Office have left 
Neither is the number of bills adequate 
I always offset the earlier expenses 
If there 's no better solution , those of [ 2012 | 12 Year ] can be offset with next =year ’s bills 
Perhaps those with bills can be added up and entered into the accounts first . Then , for those borrowings without invoices , write down something , the leaders sign off on it , before entering into the accounts .
I 've spoken to Liu , enter them into the accounts first 
No need for signatures 
Okay 
It 'll be all right as long as they are entered before the month of June 
Basically nobody checks your accounts over there , so it 's easier 
Print a copy 
OK 
Print 
Print 
Teacher Wang , the Purchasing Department still needs the electronic version of the “ Materials Procurement Agreement ” 
" Confidence is Strength , " compiled by Li Weinan and Yang Qing 
Write an essay on your afterthoughts on reading this book , around 800 characters 
You can just look it up on the Internet and write something 
somewhat related to " being motivational for work . " 
OK , I 'll look it up this evening when I get back home 
Oh 
Oh 
Do n't panic 
Can you see if you can find that book ? If you ca n't find it , you can just make up something casually 
One article is one I found , and the other is one I wrote 
Received 
Have n't you got any classes today ? 
Oh 
When you 've read them , use whichever one you want to use 
Have you read that book ? 
I have n't . I glanced at the table of contents and took a paragraph out of it 
OK 
An inspiring book , haha . That essay on " The Blue Bone " is mine 
Oh 
All right . You do it , then ~ I 'm going out 
Can I ask you a question ? 
03 
Is yours 2007 ? 
Yours should be able to open it 
OK 
Go out and enjoy yourself 
Sister - in - law , are you busy ? 
Not busy 
Sister - in - law 
I 'm here 
Busy ? 
Not busy 
Good 
I want to ask a question 
Back when you gave birth to [ Baby Lotus Root | Oubao ] after a one week delay , the doctor did n’t say that you had a calcified placenta ? 
No , my placenta had always been quite good , and when I finally gave birth , it was only Grade 2 
I went to the hospital yesterday , and the doctor said my placenta now measures 39W and Grade 3 
One of my colleagues gave birth prematurely due to placenta calcification 
By oxytocic injection 
I 'm Grade 3 now . The doctor suggests hospital admission 
I fear that they 'll ask me to have a Caesarean section 
I do n’t think so 
Oh 
You 'll have an injection first 
Oh . Is that so ? 
Now at 39W [ and 1 day | plus 1 ] , is n't it too early for hospital admission ? 
I also want my baby to come out earlier , but I also want him to be born naturally . I ’m so torn 
You can also give birth now 
Giving birth now means =Caesarean section 
No 
By oxytocic injection 
Oh .
Then I 'll do more exercises these few days . I 'll =wait till Monday to decide on hospital admission .
Sigh 
I 'm very agitated now 
In case of placenta calcification , the baby is liable to lack oxygen 
It ’s best that you get hospitalized 
Oh 
But when I posted on the Internet , I learned that the placenta of many others already reached Grade 3 in Week 36 
In which hospital do you get your checkups ? 
The Hospital of Jinan Military Command 
If not hospitalized , you must be very careful , and hurry to a hospital should the fetal movement of the baby decrease 
Oh , okay .
There was no movement in the morning , which frightened me . This afternoon , the movement is =rather apparent 
Get your stuff ready for hospitalization 
Go to the hospital any time when you feel something is wrong 
Is the Household Register still required ? 
Not necessary 
The ID card will do , right ? 
The ID card + money 
Pay 6,000 in advance 
The balance is to be settled 
Oh 
I look forward to your good news~~ 
I 'll swipe my bank cards 
Hoho 
I 'm anxious 
Exercise appropriately 
But not too much either 
Yeah , okay . Thank you , Sister - in - law 
Uh-huh .
I walked for one and a half hours yesterday 
It 'll be bad if your placenta calcifies and your baby lacks oxygen 
Yeah .
There are still 6 days to the expected date of childbirth , so I 'll stay in hospital these few days 
Hoho , 
I ’m scared of the Caesarean section 
My body is too skinny and weak , ca n't withstand the torment 
Natural labor is more =tiring 
Tiring 
Yeah , thanks , Sister - in - law . I 'm logging off first 
Yeah 
Is everything OK , in US ? 
bring some eight - treasure porridge 
It is not easy to carry eight - treasure porridge~ 
Heavy ? I think it is lighter than carrying rice in a glass basin , and more delicious than an energy bar 
It is always not convenient to carry liquid 
In fact , it will be fine if you get used to it . You just eat a few energy bars temporarily , and will have normal dinner when you come back 
It will be later than 10 o'clock when I return 
Ho ho . Eat it as a late - night supper 
Yes~~ The life here is too busy 
but it will be fine after I get used to it . Bring some peanuts to add a little flavor 
Is there a major difference from doing experiments in China ? 
Ho - ho , we did not come here for a degree . We came here to work 
There are not many requirements . If I am strict with myself , I will work a bit longer 
Um ... You 'd better work hard . Although you are working for your boss , you can also say that you are working for yourself 
If you are willing to learn more , they are also willing to teach you more 
It seems that it is the same around the whole world 
Are your boss and colleagues Americans ? 
My boss is a Chinese 
and very Americanized 
He works very earnestly , and have very high requirements 
This reminds me of a particularly earnest person , Old Zhang , during Senior Grade Three 
However , such earnest person is very likely to have preconceptions 
If you has left a bad impression on him , 
it is particularly difficult to change his opinion of you 
Unless you can change his opinion with the effect of your work in the same way 
It is quite hard indeed , so I have been very hard - working since I came here . I do n't want to give a bad impression on the boss 
You knew it from the beginning ? 
Someone told you so ? 
No , but I had the feeling that it would be so 
It turned out to be true in the end . So , no matter what , be down to earth and work hard , and you will always be =recognized by someone 
Um . It is always true wherever you go . I think I always look left and right without getting down to earth 
Yes . Graduates are too impetuous . I am almost graduated , but I do n't think that I have learned anything in a down - to - earth way 
So , let 's encourage each other . We can never understand something until we experience it 
Do not miss passing through 
but it is not too late to know it now . Probably it is just the right time for you 
© 
I have to be my best self , learn a lot of knowledge , find my own direction and goals , and do things in a down - to - earth way . Life has no replay 
I am going offline . I am going to play the ball . Good night 
Ho ho , I will go to find you to play the ball together when I return . I just went to take a bath 
Teacher Little Sheng 's delivery is at my place 
Ok 
Are there a lot of people at our door ? 
Three or so 
Director Li is talking to one of them now 
Do they look fierce ? 
A little better looking than the ones last time 
We really want to go to the bathroom . Ah , ca n't hold it 
Director Li is here 
Coming out for the WC should n't be a big problem 
Director Li just said there are only a few [ young ladies | little girls ] inside . That [ Director | head ] said , there 's no problem coming out 
How cruel ... 
Director Li is so manly 
=No one cares about us but him 
Hehe , that 's necessary 
There ? 
Going to your dad 's tomorrow ? 
Sure 
I 'm watching the ballgame 
Are you back home ? It 's going to rain tomorrow , I 'm still hesitating about going .
What ballgame ? 
Wow 
I will 
Invite us to dinner tonight , Manager 
Or let us invite you to dinner , ha - ha 
No , I =drank yesterday 
Or let me and class monitor invite you to eat eat pancakes 
Ho ho , it 's OK . Go ahead with your business . It =seems that I have not seen you for several days 
Oh , all right 
You have been craving for alcohol recently 
Right ? 
Nothing . I saw you online , so I talked to you . Ho ho 
I did not dream of you , ho ho 
Today , I want to continue to get drunk 
Did something go wrong with you two lately ? 
Why have you got a cold , too ? I have almost recovered , ho ho [ emoticon ] 
Yo , if you have something to say , say it quickly 
Why is that I get so nervous ? 
Not sure about it in my heart 
Generally , he works for Peugeot as an indoor sales 
Let 's have a meal together when I recover from the cold 
It ca n't be . Dreams are not contagious 
You can call her Little Lu 
Ha - ha 
I used to manage her before 
You have a good relationship with her sister 
So he knew Little Lu , ho ho 
and they spent Valentine 's Day together 
It is probably contagious from you 
Right 
Why do n't you ask her ? When I was drunk =that day , it seemed that I sang a song with her together 
Last year , ha ha 
Oh , no wonder .
There were quite a few women , but only two men , which was too depressing 
No 
I was in Dorsett , ho ho 
The Valentine 's Day this year ? 
Yes , she left , and my family came , at about one month apart 
Were you three together ? 
You had not resigned from Peugeot at that time ? 
Last year , Little Lu was still working for the company 
No , 
I came to recruit employees , and I saw her on the Internet 
Do not wrong her 
Do not overthink 
So it turns out that you were introduced by her , in the first place ? 
Come on , 
if that is the case like you said , I have to jump out from the second floor 
Yo 
Go ahead with your business , Manager . Ho ho , I 'm going on a date , ha ha 
I did not wrong her 
You earned it with your own merits 
Hey - hey 
I have a girlfriend who is going to date me , 
OK . I was kidding 
I do n't care . Do your make - up first 
OK 
I will look for them 
Yes 
Send them to the mailbox , right ? 
Are the two documents together ? 
Let me have a try . They 're a little big , 40 M 
Um 
The network speed is not good . If you directly accept them , it will likely be interrupted 
How about the experiment now ? 
Is the assembly technology OK ? 
I asked Senior Chang Hao to come for exchange recently 
I am planning to do the assembly using their way 
Are they using the lentivirus ? 
I am going to ask Ji Jian and see if we can cooperate with their laboratory or do something else 
They use DNA 
They use dna . I mean , are we still going to use the lentivirus ? 
We are planning to use the virus and DNA together 
If the DNA can be assembled 
but the virus can not 
Um .
then we will be able to find some way out , and that will be fine 
The situation may be a bit special when using the virus 
Their laboratory says that it can certainly be assembled if using the DNA 
The method is also very simple 
If using the virus , it is very hard to say , then 
Um , 
Let 's keep in touch . Send me an e - mail when you need anything at any time 
OK 
How about other fellows in the laboratory ? 
By the way 
it seems that after we showed Ji Jian our tender document last time 
they used α5β1 in their experiment 
[ God | Faint ] , , , 
They have already published an article 
It just came out in March 
It ca n't be that quick . When did you show it to Ji Jian ? 
It seems that we showed them the tender document at the beginning of last year 
It was exactly about this integrin α5β1 
It is hard to tell then .. 
Yes 
What they did is not the same as ours 
but this thing is the same 
That is possible 
The direction is a little different 
They can learn from the method 
Teacher Shi is a bit angry , though 
Alas 
Teacher Shi 's life is also not easy 
Yes . The idea we worked so hard to get was just taken and used by their laboratory like that 
Regarding the other seniors , Shi Mingmin has stayed in the Second Hospital 
So from now on , we have to be careful , and should not talk about these easily 
Senior Zhou Chenhe went to Ningbo Second Hospital 
en 
But he also intends to take the =exam to come back for a doctor 's degree 
That is also necessary 
He wants to stay in Hangzhou 
So he still wants to come back to get a doctor 's degree 
Um 
How are you doing with your research topic abroad ? 
I can still learn a lot here 
but life is just busy 
What I am doing =is basic research on bone metabolism 
The conditions is good out there 
Um , I am learning some of the methods and ideas , so that I can use them when I return 
Yes 
After you come back , our laboratory can also do something in this field 
I hope so 
This is quite good . I have some ideas 
Let 's discuss about them when I go back 
Um , um 
About the review , I have read some literature later 
It is not easy to write about the application of layer - by - layer self - assembly in orthopedics 
There is barely any literature 
Then I will write about the overall situation 
I want to try to write about the application of viral vectors in layer - by - later self - assembly 
That is also a direction 
If we can succeed in our viral assembly , that will just match 
Yes 
You can also learn and summarize other people 's work in this field 
Yes 
This virus has its value , so I still want to try to assemble it as possible as I can 
I am going to start work here . Remember to send me a mail if you need my help , no matter what aspect of things it is about , such as study , work and article . =While ensuring your experiment , do n't fall behind with your article 
Always keep in touch and communication with Teacher Yan and Teacher Shi 
OK 
Be sure to feedback to them in a timely manner when you have ideas 
I will 
Go ahead with your business first 
Um , that folder is being uploaded . I will send it to you when it is completed 
ok 
Are you there ? 
Rarely come back this early 
Usually here on the weekends 
I 'll be here at 10 o'clock on your Saturday night 
Are you free now ? 
Yes 
Just came back 
I kind of do n't want to do it anymore 
What 's the matter ? 
Casually taking some one - on - one myself . Rest for a while first 
Do you have any objections to Teacher Fan ? 
I 'll just say it directly to you 
Teacher Fan has a class of over 20 people in Hankou . He takes all the money himself 
I 've been helping him compile lecture materials for free 
Then he asked me to take two classes 
When I looked for him to ask about the class fees the day before yesterday 
He said the money had n't been collected from the parents for those two classes 
Seems like he is not going to give the class fees 
I got a little dizzy 
Then looking at the other aspects , I did n't find anything that was good for me either 
This sort of relationship is a little difficult to handle 
The problem is I can earn more if I look for it myself 
Do n't go through Teacher Fan ? 
It 's not a matter of going through him or not 
Introduced by relatives and friends 
I 've always refused 
In fact , I think , the management in this organization of yours is rather chaotic now 
What I mean is , the school ca n't bring me any benefit 
I do n't think you got what you deserve either 
If everyone works hard , they get through the rather difficult period at the start 
I would be indifferent too 
But they are all a bit lazy now 
I 've always thought it 's only right for Teacher Fan to put you on a rather high level 
I thought what I put in was quite a lot 
Yeah 
But it seems they think it 's all obligatory 
So I have my [ online status | signature ] 
I understand it 
Also the one after it 
Very good too 
Did you tell him yourself then ? 
Spoke a little today 
Yeah 
I think one point is not so good . Although it 's a classmate relationship , it 's only right that this kind of work issue should be a work relationship . But this is also very hard to say clearly 
I think it 's precisely because of the classmates that I 've been working very hard these several months 
I think the one that manages financial affairs and educational administration at your place there 
has n't really played their role 
The main thing is [ Iron Brother | Tie Ge ] takes advantage . In fact , he 's a very good person 
Yeah 
Do n't talk about people , but work matters still need to be discussed 
He understoods what I told him , and is also willing to do well , but his capability is limited 
Yeah 
What was the result from speaking with Teacher Fan today ? 
No result 
What do you mean ? 
My contract 
Until the end of the month 
Will set it at that time 
Do you have a regular contract ? 
Signed last November 
What should you do according to the contract provisions ? 
That was n't even written clearly 
Did n't even write compiling lecture materials 
Actually , wanting that contract is just forcing myself to do it 
Basically do n't think about anything . Just do my job well 
Because I 'm very lazy 
But the contract has to write the duties clearly and also needs to have rights 
Basically , do n't do what I do n't need to do 
My duty is basically to compile lecture materials 
About how much is your monthly income now then ? 
I get a base salary of 1,500 at the school 
One - on - one and class fees are 120 for 2 hours 
About 4,000 ? 
How many hours do you work ? 
It 's actually quite comfy 
Less than 20 hours 
10 hours of class per week 
Usually two half - days 
Then there 's no way to justify him not giving you the class fees for last time 
That 's why I felt dizzy 
At that time [ Iron Brother | Tie Ge ] said he had better give it . He gave 200 
It 's only right to give the amount according to the contract 
Definitely a little more 
Actually , talking with you 
It 's mainly 
an assessment of Teacher Fan himself 
Or , always with him 
Is it worth it ? 
So many years without the feeling of love 
Did n't think that it ’d be putting in for him unconditionally 
Now it 's work , from a utilitarian viewpoint , it 's better to take more 
I think , if you speak up , and SB speaks up , including the department head , speak up and say they need help , I 'll surely do all I can 
However , as for Teacher Fan , I will haggle the pros and cons and rewards 
Is it that I am biased against him ? 
Teacher Fan has quite a purpose in doing things 
This is very difficult to say 
Not the same kind of person , after all 
Speaking more specifically , Teacher Fan has pretty strong capitalistic thinking 
We 're all under socialism~ 
=Uh . It has momentarily come to things I do n't understand 
Just takes money rather seriously 
It 's better for work relationships to be work relationships 
If he 's just so - so to you , then you also … … If he 's very good to you then you can do your work better . If he 's just so - so to you , then you also … … 
Then I simply wo n't do it 
Does that have a meaning ? 
A friend of so many years treated like an outsider 
Plus , I think it is 
because we are friends . Plus , I do n't lack money , so he can give less 
I said directly that his kind of management there will be a big obstruction to their development 
Of course , he actually did n't really give little . What I get is n't considered little 
I do n't understand this … Do n't dare assert 
I am not good at leading and managing 
Can guide the rhythm or play support 
In short , there must be some reward and punishment rule system and whatnot 
Be a little more specific 
Now , your relationship is still stuck in the constraints of being between friends . I do n't think it 's enough 
Haha . I have real love with other people 
Including great my [ iron god | tie shen ] 
Did you tell [ iron god | tie shen ] about these things ? 
Regarding class fees and whatnot 
I just said three words . I am tired 
He understood then . Then he asked Teacher Fan to talk with me 
Actually , he understands all the basic sense . It 's just a pit 
Has a problem with his implementation capacity 
Oh 
Just like DOTA 
I also think you do n't implement things well enough 
Attitude is very good . Plays very well every round 
Do n't know what Teacher Fan is thinking 
Teacher Fan has been working very hard lately too 
The thing is , I always think that he is the only person too busy at your place 
Other people are all like [ it 's none of their business | just buying soy sauce ] 
Perhaps he thinks you are n't doing enough so what you get should be a little less 
[ What | Wool ] ? 
[ I | Laozi ] do n't do enough ? 
I , during the winter vacation 
as well as before the winter vacation 
went the earliest every day 
And left the latest 
Then I really do n't understand how come he 's this way toward you 
Actually , you are the most sincere one there 
It is alright actually . I get quite a lot 
Very comfy too 
Even though it 's work , I still take the one - on - ones that I like 
=Maybe a bit of mixed feelings 
Yeah 
I 'm just a little greedy 
Want to make the best choice 
What is the best choice ? 
Choose what ? 
At most now I work 4 days per week 
Get 4,000 
More than that 
Adding in my own one - on - ones , 6,000 .
More than 6,000 
Actually , that not bad after you mention it 
But , I 'm thinking about the life of getting 3,000 for one day per week 
Haha 
The previous one is still more suitable 
Then I can consider getting 6,000 for 2 days per week 
If you count your daily wages , you 're too high 
Last semester I could earn more than 700 on one Saturday 
Then , if there were 10 Saturdays in one month , you would have a monthly income of 7,000 
So it 's quite comfy 
What are your plans later then ? 
Think about it later 
Discuss it when you are ready 
What about you ? 
Yeah 
Counting the passing time ? 
Yes 
What time are you coming back ? 
Haha 
Summer vacation 
Counting the time to going back 
Lovesickness ? 
Yeah 
Do n't be [ stupid | 2 ] , okay ? 
Engage in academics 
Haha 
Need to be able to calm the mind 
Yeah 
There has n't been much progress recently 
I kind of doubt whether or not this path suits me 
Make an adjustment then ? 
How do I make an adjustment ? 
Do n't know 
That International Physics Olympiad gold medal , that Massachusetts Institute of Technology classmate of mine 
Research orientation 
Quantum computers 
Said there 's no progress either 
He has a headache over whether he has chosen the right path too 
Perhaps at the very start , the first achievement is the most difficult to get 
It 's OK as long as you can afford to lose 
Mainly because the boss is n't here either , no one discusses it 
Yeah 
One can be austere if he has no selfish desires 
Yeah 
Able to endure loneliness 
Haha 
Just saying 
The [ online status | signature ] is for my girlfriend to see 
Damn you 
Get lost . [ I | Laozi ] am sleeping 
These are lyrics " The Day on the Red Carpet " 
Oh . You 're a lot cooler than [ me | Laozi ] 
I might be getting my certificate in a year or two 
[ I | Laozi ] only listen to these tacky kinds 
Getting it too early is n't good 
Really . Discuss this kind of thing more with married friends 
What for ? 
Yeah 
Variable ? 
Really . Talk about it with everyone who is married . Ask them their opinions 
Yeah 
My problem , with you , Xu , the department head , and SB 
have talked about it all with them before 
What did they say ? 
But it was discussed last week or so 
Xu said if I do n't do it , he 'll prepare (( to leave )) 
I think it 's okay if you just see it as a job 
NO. I would rather not work temporarily , or I can just work for others 
Together with friends , just do it well together 
Yeah 
I understand you 
But actually 
What sb said is very correct 
Businessmen are businessmen 
People are different too 
Xu Tao takes advantage too 
However , it does n't even matter if I invite him to even more meals 
The main thing is that our emotions are different 
However , I guess you ca n't be businessman - like with this situation of yours~ 
Yeah 
I think I 'm rather suited to live a quiet life 
I ’m suited to ease and comfort then ? 
Do peaceful things 
I 'm talking about me 
I 'm talking about me too~ 
You should be about the same way too 
Yeah 
But I rather like those with enthusiasm , if everyone works together 
But it 's not easy for everyone to meet~ 
So I 'm still reluctant to go 
Otherwise , I would n't hesitate 
I think you should talk more again 
Yes . I 'm still very willing to communicate 
Enthusiasm is enthusiasm , but systematic things are still necessary 
Yeah . If you want to make it big , it 's definitely necessary 
I hope you can establish a rather systematic management system 
Friendship is something additional to outside the system 
It 's the key point that can raise you to a higher level if you can make good use of it 
If you are always like this , with so many things , talking , laughing , and joking to let it pass , then later you 'll still have this kind of problem 
Do you think I 'll compromise ? 
Should n't compromise 
If you are always like this , with so many things , talking , laughing , and joking to let it pass , then later you 'll still have this kind of problem 
Am I the kind of person to wrong myself ? 
I will always consider my own interests , okay ? 
Yeah 
Of course 
So , I say everyone must abide by the things in the rules 
I just think the sentiments between the several of you are far greater than money and interests 
But still have n't gotten to that step with Teacher Fan , [ Iron Brother | Tie Ge ] and them 
So , I always think it 's not reliable to use friendship as the constraint between you 
This wo n’t work for even better friends either 
It wo n't go that far . I think my life now is still very pleasant 
Would be satisfied as a normal person too 
So you 're just indecisive in this place 
1 . Wo n't compromise 2 . Content with the current situation 
I actually really want them to persuade me 
Either give me a better salary , or work well together 
For example , you 're the boss and you approach me to do things . Then I will certainly want you to state the reward and other things clearly 
Have you heard about the prisoner problem ? 
If prisoners just want to maximize personal interests , then no one will get a good result 
I 've heard 
If they all make a choice to maximize the group interests , then it will be win - win 
Games 
I think I can make a certain sacrifice in exchange for the maximization of group interests . Plus , I 've already demonstrated enough sincerity 
So , I hope everyone can come together 
But the problem you occasionally meet now is another . That prisoner is n't the kind you imagined 
Unless you can persuade him 
Otherwise , it 's still your own wishful thinking 
Yeah 
So , there are only two circumstances if I stay 
Now , the right to choose is in my hands 
Yeah 
I 'm going to sleep . Almost 1 o'clock already . This problem is n't urgent . Take your time in solving it 
Yeah 
Saturday at 11 o'clock 
Approximate time 
I 'm usually always here 
I usually get on very rarely at this time 
Yeah . If there 's any matter you can leave a message too 
Yeah 
I 'm alright now . No matters 
It 's mainly the first article 
I 'm actually very good too~ 
It 's very important to all those who want to take the academic path 
Yeah 
How to get on the path 
Can only be [ awesome | cow cunt ] once led onto the path 
Yeah . I believe you 
Teacher Bi is very strong 
Yeah 
You believe me too . Wo n't let myself feel too wronged 
ok 
[ I | Laozi ] am such a lazy person . Wo n't invest without enough driving force 
I still hope you make some things with work a bit more specific 
System , rules and whatnot 
Yeah 
How is your dad 's health ? 
Quite good recently 
Hehe 
When it gets warmer , I am planning to take him to Wuhan for a check - up 
Life is really very fragile 
What 's up ? 
Before the Chinese New Year , my father - in - law 's treatment still went on pretty well 
After the New Year , he went back for an exam on the seventh day of the lunar year , it deteriorated 
This quick ? 
Yes , unexpectedly 
My dad underwent a surgery 
Was it discovered in the early stage ? 
Moreover , it was not spread in the first place 
Yes 
It was considered rather early 
This year is the third year 
It 's a critical point 
Yes , you need to pay more attention 
If five years have passed , he should be fine 
My father - in - law 's was already in the late stage when it was discovered , the doctor said there was no possibility of having a surgery 
Oh 
Is he at home now ? 
Second chemotherapy seems to be even worse 
In Nanchang , I wired money over today , the doctor says they will try an American drug as a last resort , more than 10,000 per box , I will just try my best 
Chemotherapy is very harmful to =normal cells 
I did n't expect the illness would develop so fast 
More than 100,000 were also spent on my dad 's chemotherapy 
The surgery cost over 100,000 
So who is going to be the care taker ? 
What kind of cancer is it ? 
Lung 
Same as my dad 's 
His younger brother is doing business in Nanchang , and it is more convenient 
The degree of malignancy of some lung cancer is very high 
You can check online 
Oh 
The doctor said it grows inside and has not pressed on any nerve . That 's why he has n't felt anything 
If he feels anything uncomfortable , it would have deteriorated into the late stage , 
Sigh , so we must treasure ourselves and our family members 
Things are changing too fast 
Are you okay ? 
Recently 
Yesterday I asked Huiying if there is any good therapy 
Honglan 's younger daughter broke her arm 
Two bones were both fractured 
I am also very depressed lately 
Sigh , yes , when something happens to the kids , it 's really very sad . Is she feeling better now ? Where is she being treated ? My older brother was =hit by a motorcycle when leaving work the day before yesterday and was hospitalized . I do n't know what 's wrong with the year 2013 , with loved ones around me constantly getting into disasters .
Pray for safety and peace 
At Yongxin 
Hospitalized 
It looks like we should go pray to Buddha 
Yes 
Last time Qinghua also mentioned that there is a very good temple over there in Guangzhou . It looks like we really need to go there 
Eh .
Is Honglan currently at home taking care of her daughter ? 
My mom slipped and injured her hand before the Chinese New Year and she has not recovered yet as of now . This will take three months of time at the least . Children may recover faster .
Uh-huh 
She rushed back overnight 
How is she now ? 
She is fine 
Rejoined 
Her younger daughter is very sensible 
Yesterday she even told me over the phone that she is not feeling pain now 
Really sensible , 
Seeing a little kid injured , everyone feels the pain 
Feiya , when you come out today , could you help me bring the cell phone ? 
I see there 's a domestic cell phone on your table .
No. It 's a cell phone from here . Pink one . Maybe on the bed , but should be on the white table .
I see it . Under your pillow 
I 'll probably come out at 11 =thirty 
Ok . Thanks . No hurry . Just bring it out .
I was very hungry just now and ate a slice of your pie 
Eat it all . It 's going bad soon . I do n't really like to eat it .
Oh , good 
Where shall I go look for you ? 
How about at moore 100c . You 're getting ready to leave ? 
Going now 
I might have some things . Or I can find you later .
Should I show some kindness to Wang and Liang or not , give me some advice 
I know that Mo Lu sent shopping cards 
To Wang 
He may not have sent Liang anything 
Card of Yinzuo Shopping Mall ? 
How much is it worth ? 
1,000 RMB 
Did he send it in the unit ? 
You ’d better talk with Zhou and see what he says 
OK 
OK 
So I am going to Zhou right now ? 
This is all Chen Yan ’s idea 
After you return from the games and report your work , speak out your ideas by the way 
Did n’t you report after you returned 
I said hello to Zhou but did not say anything specific 
Then when I have the chance to talk with Zhou , I ’ll see what his opinion is 
I ’ll ask Teacher Ji about when the competition starts and tell you later 
OK 
Should I go to Zhou first ? 
Do n’t you write the game materials after returning ? 
To report work 
We all report to our leader at meetings after we return 
We are different 
Zhou even says Xiao Bi writes too little 
Section Chief Zhang and I just lead the team to attend the games , even the coach does not follow us 
I was there just taking charge of daily accommodations 
Have you told Zhou about the ongoing status of the games ? 
I report him every day via short messages , do I still need to report ? 
After you return , just tell him you are back 
Did you talk about the games ? 
No , we just had a brief talk on the morning 
Would you consider any other options ? 
Zhou loves gifts 
But he is quite timid 
Have n’t you sent him any shopping card ? 
Mo Lu sent him 2,000 RMB and he accept it 
I have n’t sent him any shopping card 
Then you need to consider this time 
It ’s all on Zhou 
At present , Zhou still needs to show some respect for Wang 
Now it seems that he can really make the call 
How about Liang ? 
Liang likes you 
He is not very much into Mo Lu 
Is n’t there one principal and two deputies , is Mo Lu my competitor ? Or we can both get promoted ? 
When did Mo Lu send it ? How long has it been ? 
Before the Spring Festival 
Fuck , such a long time ago 
So are you competing for the Property Section ? 
He just sent the card , no gift ? 
Yes 
It can be a virtual official post , right ? 
I do n’t know 
Let me ask Teacher Ji again 
See what they are planning 
Right , get a definite answer , I ’m on it , too 
OK 
No problem , I ’ll definitely back you up 
OK 
Thanks in advance 
Tell me if you have any news 
It ’s nothing . Do n’t be so polite 
You did n’t know others are also competing for this ? 
If you do n’t make it this time , there are still vacancies in the later half year 
Chang is leaving , so another principal section chief position will be vacant 
I can not count on the principal section chief position right now 
Do n’t you want to do something ? 
We ’d better do this together 
That ’s exactly what I am thinking 
I am surely doing something 
I just have n’t figured out how to send gifts 
Wang does not like me 
If we both work harder , will Mo Lu be ruled out ? 
He sent the shopping card before the Spring Festival 
I do n’t know whether he is still active on this or not 
It ’s not a matter of sending gifts or not 
Who doesn’t ? 
Count by yourself 
It depends on your relations 
Find some relations in the bureau 
I do n’t know anyone in the bureau 
Those I know are all retired 
Bureau Director Zhu , Bureau Director Wu 
Ask about their relationship with Zhou 
See if they can help 
Mo Lu may not have any connections 
I do n’t know what connections Zhang Daiguo has 
Right 
Hello , are you there ? 
Can you do four spray paintings ? 
The contents and the sizes are all here 
What background do you want ? 
Anything is fine 
There is no requirement 
Do what you see fit 
Has Sister Li written it ? 
No , she 's gone to make preparations for the acceptance inspection for Buildings # 4 - # 8 on April 15 . There is no time for her to =write 
Oh 
In that case , could you revise it ? 
At any rate , there has to be an article to turn in ! 
I 'll try my best 
OK , I got it now . I 'll write it tonight , but right now I =have to seize the time to write my work summary 
The kid looks a bit like you 
[ picture ] Thank you , Elder Brother Song , for your compliment 
What a fair face ! 
So lovely 
How much happiness had she added to the family ! 
Of course 
When I see my daughter 's photos as a girl , I really want to get inside and give her a kiss . Alas , I can never go back to that time , no matter how much money I am willing to pay 
Right , but growing up has its good , too , each period has its happiness , the kid is very lovely , and it 's really good that she knows to care about her parents 
She is in the sophomore now . You need to cherish the present 
Yes , I really cherish every day I spend with my daughter 
Let me hug the little girl when you have the chance 
OK , I 'll take her to watch tennis when I have time , giving her some pre-education , LOL 
OK , I 'll start training , bye 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] , Elder Brother Song 
Bye 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
So lousy , my competitor failed in the enrollment , I was expecting to test whether my recent trainings were correct 
I hear Zhang Yuanzhe is good , receiving training in the provincial team 
LOL , I guess championship must be his 
Really , I have n't heard of it 
It 's not sure 
There must be some black horses 
I doubt it , there 's hardly anybody who does n't know each other , we all know each other 's level 
Zhao Youcai and Xiao Xiao are drawing the lottery on Friday 
=OK 
If it 's convenient for you , send me a summarized name list , thanks bro 
Thank you 
You are welcome , Elder Brother Song 
Bye 
New or old , Elder Brother Yan ? 
Can you get some Star balls for the games ? 
How many do you want ? 
New balls would be the best , =old ones are also OK if new ones are hard to get 
=OK 
I ’ll get them ready for you 
Shall I give them to you after I get off work ? 
67 
6 or 7 
Right 
I am leaving early 
Please send them to me . It ’s inconvenient for me to go fetch them 
You are still here [ image ] ?? 
(( Peasant ? )) 
[ Finding Mr. Right | Beijing Meets with Seattle ] 
[ Fuck | ci ao ] , that kind of brain - damaged movie , [ I | Big Brother ] heard of it long ago , but would n’t watch it .
Your brain is not damaged ? 
I do n't have a brain .
I 'm a XX peasant 
You are rather aware of your limitations 
These days , you 'd better not mess with XX peasants , otherwise we 'll annoy you to death .
=I belong to the disadvantaged groups … . It 's acceptable even if I beat you .
Have you started work ? 
I did so long ago , all right ? 
For that Seattle movie , I had also planned to go and watch it because of Tang Wei … but the plot sickened me too much , so I did n't go . How can a poor [ loser | diaosi ] like me go and face his own goddess humiliating herself like that ? 
In this day and age , good women are all abused by sons of rich families .
Where do I find the time to go to the cinema ? 
I 'd assumed that you always watched the premieres .
That was in the past , okay ? 
Does your family have enough money to use now ? 
Oh , enough 
[ Your man | that one in your home ] no longer burns money ? 
It ’s not a problem with money . It ’s a problem with time 
[ Fuck | ci ao ] , you speak in the manner of the rich .
My life is greatly stressful now .
You ca n't afford to watch a movie ? 
I still have to make efforts to save money every month .
I 've never spent money to watch movies .
It ’s always tickets exchanged from accumulated points 
I do n’t get to watch more than a few movies in a year .
Before my marriage , I always watched ' till there were no more new movies in the cinema . After my marriage , I 'd always watched [ Blu - ray discs | Blu - ray ] at home . After childbirth , I no longer watch anything 
Now , if I 'm not working , I would be playing mahjong .. 
I 'm saving money to renovate the apartment .
It does n't feel so good to lodge in other people 's houses .
You 're a landlord 
We have nothing 
Neither the apartment or the car is under our names 
Come on , my car is registered under my wife 's name , and the apartment is jointly under the names of husband and wife .
Sometimes , I really feel that it makes sense why foreigners do n't marry or marry only in middle age . In China ’s society , marriage is a vexation indeed .
I have a marriage phobia now .
Are n't you leading a rather comfy life ? 
The same as you , pretending to be very comfortable but slightly bitter at heart .
I 'm rather comfy now 
Haha , whatever you say .
But it ’s indeed like this 
Has your man corrected all of his shortcomings ? 
[ Yeah | Rise ] 
[ Awesome | Ox cunt ] . I find it way too unbelievable .
Are you picking a fight , eh ? 
I would n’t dare , I would n’t dare . I dare not mess with a Sagittarius .
Will you have a second child ? 
I guess so 
I do n’t want to have a second child . 、 
Ca n’t be bothered to give birth and raise it 
Go and get sterilized , then 
Xiao Gai , when you 're free , help me " criticize " the two boys who were introduced the last time . They did not even contact the girls~~~ 
I did the introduction at the start , and left it alone at that . The mother of one of the girls told me today that the boy had n't made any move after adding the girl to his QQ contact list~~~ 
I know they may be busy with their work , but they really deserve " criticism " in this instance~~you know what I mean~~ [ Emoticon ] 
[ Yeah | en ] 
As for that [ Piano Boy | Gangqinnanhai ] , I spoke to him last time . Recently he 's gone back to the project site again and is expected to stay there for 1 month 
But I do n't think being busy and so on are proper reasons . So I think you should ask the lady teacher not to hesitate to get to know other boys if she has to 
As for this boy , we will see if both of them are destined to be together 
As for the boy from Shanghai , I mentioned it to him a long time ago . He said that the girl stopped responding to him for unknown reasons , and it got nowhere . I did n't ask about the details 
Yeah , OK . The girl studying abroad was busy with her exams some time ago . I wonder if they had stopped contacting each other due to this reason .
Forget about it , I think I wo n’t bother with it anymore , you should n’t ask about it either . Hoho , how have you been lately ? 
Same old 
I failed that exam . By 4 points 
It ’s very depressing 
Oh , it ’s such a shame to miss by just a few points 
With respect to personal matters , I feel I do n’t have any motivation 
The company wants us to move out and rent our own houses . So now I do n't seem to have the mood to pay attention to my feelings 
And you ? 
Yeah , you can in fact go with the flow a little for personal matters . Your qualifications are pretty good .
Actually , there is a boy working with my husband who is pretty good , born in 86 . Prior to this , you were always busy , so I did n't mention it . If you are willing , I can help you make an introduction .
That boy works in the same company as my husband . Tall , good - looking , but slightly tanned 
It costs a lot to rent your own house 
What have you been busy with lately ? Is it still your online shop ? 
I 'm fine , and in a more stable state . Now that I 'm engaged in the book business , I often travel to visit schools , basically once every one or two weeks 
I 'm in a publishing press now 
Yeah , it sounds pretty good 
The job is more stable , and there is relatively more free time 
A publishing press ? Freelance writing ? 
When you publish your books , I 'll go show my support 
No , our working hours is quite flexible and we have the freedom of control . I 'm an editor , publishing other people 's books , haha 
That 's also very good . Gradually you 'll be able to publish your own books 
I decided to take the exam again this year 
Haha , there is the opportunity indeed , but currently I have not written anything . I felt it was merely a problem with luck that you fell short by a few points . You really should retake the exam this year 
Was the problem with the specialized courses or English and politics ? 
I qualified for every single subject , but my total score was short of 4 points 
Oh , that is so … … Sigh , I can totally understand your feelings 
Which publishing press do you work for ? Will you still come over here in April ? 
The road to happiness is strewn with setbacks . For all we know , it might be one of those arrangements that is [ a blessing in disguise | the old man lost his mare , but it all turned out for the best ] . Good things are just around the corner 
At the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences Press , yes , I 'll go there from August 8 - 12 
Yeah , hoho . I really wish I could tell you something happy about me , but such things do n't seem to exist , haha 
Oh good . When you come over , let 's meet if you 're free 
Yeah , life is quiet most of the time , which is happiness in itself . What 's more , you fell short by only a few points , which in fact already proved your capability , so it was also a good thing . You should n't focus all your attention on that result 
I ’m preparing to [ drop by | turn a circle ] the company on the 8th , but I 'm afraid you guys will be busy 
What ’s there to be so busy with ? 
Now that you have a job , you have to set aside the matter of having a child again ? 
My current employer does n't care about these things , and the attendance monitor only comes to work on Tuesday and Friday every week . So it ’s still all right , it wo n't affect my plan 
Oh , that 's good 
The boy you mentioned just now , where is he from ? Later on , after I have settled my accommodation , we could get to know each other 
He seems to be from Henan , too 
Have you paid attention to the First Lady lately ? Shandong native , haha , very charming , very magnanimous 
Haha , yes , I am proud that I am a native of Shandong now 
I already liked her very much in the past 
Me too . I felt she was very generous , unpretentious , frank and straightforward 
Right . Someone even put the photos of the past several First Ladies online for comparison . It 's really funny to see it 
However , ordinary people really can not measure up against Peng Liyuan . After all , she gained her fame before the president did 
Yeah , she was previously a singer after all and her own charisma is outstanding , so ordinary people really lose out when compared to her 
Yeah , she did not attract attention only because of this position 
Right 
Where are you now ? 
Beijing 
Still working there ? 
Right 
What are you busy with ? Your reply is so slow [ emoticon ] 
I am talking to my mom . Must I reply to you very soon ? 
Anything wrong ? 
Rest early . I am going to bed 
How 's the shop of Little Cao and her elder sister ? 
Busy at work now ? 
It 's still under renovation , she quit her job at her previous work unit , and is running the shop with her elder sister full - time now 
Hmm , still under renovation 
Yesterday , when Shuping and I came back from Nantong , we passed by Life Hub @ Daning 
Hmm , it 's quite near there 
Simple renovation 
Oh 
Setting up a business is not easy 
On this trip to Nantong , Shuping 's eldest brother opened a very big factory and operates on a quite large scale 
Yes , =expenditure is very large as well 
He went to see many people and is thinking of going into e - commerce in the second half of the year 
Her eldest sister - in - law wants to get me to go over to learn how to do business from her , and asked me to work in her office 
Hmm , very daring 
I was quite tempted by what she had said 
I talked to Yang Long for a long time yesterday , 
Sigh , it 's quite tough taking this step , 
In that case , you have to live apart in two places 
Yes 
I do n't think that 's good 
Not good 
Family is more important than career 
But I 'm not the one taking care of the family now either , I 'm just a good - for - nothing 
His eldest sister - in - law said that I will not be in Nantong all the time , that after I learn it later on , if I =want to set up my own business , it is possible to =do anything 
I do n't know either why her eldest sister - in - law is trying so hard to convince me to go over . She said she thinks very highly of me and it 's a waste if I do n't do business together with him , 
Am I that awesome ? Maybe I gave her the wrong impression 
Maybe it is because there are too few talents there and it 's difficult to get someone who works well . His sister - in - law saw that I 'm interested , so she said it with a bit of exaggeration 
Yes , I think something is not quite right 
Hehe 
But I 'd really like to go 
It 's just that I need to find out more about a lot of stuff 
Shuping suggested that I take two months off and go there to try it out 
But our work unit may not necessarily approve my leave , and moreover , I do n't know whether I can learn anything in two months 
Can you take two months ' leave ? 
Do you have Yang Long 's backing ? 
Yes , in a way , but he 's worried about living apart in two places 
Yes 
I do n't know whether I can . I have to wait for a definite answer from her eldest sister - in - law before I apply for leave . Maybe I 'll just quit 
You can consider it if you 're not happy with your current job 
Hmm 
OK 
I 'll see how it goes 
Yes 
Can you show me the website of the work unit you are working for now ? 
It is being revamped recently 
I opened it and everything was different 
Different from before 
It just happened 
I can not see the screenshot 
Teacher Zhou .
Hello 
I still want to know approximately how many volumes the book has been printed 
I ’ll write to you an approximate number soon 
Comparison of Housing Policies and Finance Between China and US 
This book has been published 
[ picture ] This has also been =published 
OK , thank you 
OK 
Delete it if it has been published 
[ picture ] This is the only book that has n’t been published 
All others are published 
It is about 1,100 volumes for this book , but I ’m not sure 
Not for the moment 
Our planned books are focusing on the following : 1 ) Books on the current and future development of small and middle enterprises , 2 ) Popular economic and administration books . Because economic administration and finance fits perfectly with merchant banks . 3 ) Books on the prediction of future economic enterprises . Our client mentions the once - very - popular Steve Jobs .
Our clients need these types of books now 
Right 
The several books I ’ve just sent to you press seem to match 
Only one book 
Others do n’t match 
Books about the current and future development of small enterprises , in the field of popular economic administration 
This is the only one , and there are no others 
OK 
[ Wood | Mutou ] , got up late today .
Where are you ? 
Half an hour late .
I come to the vet lib on Mondays 
Ah , did the teacher say anything ? You did n't say to wake you . I figured you did n't have to go today 
No. I 'm going to use the toilet first .
Okay . My system has not been restored yet . Backing things up now 
After it 's all backed up then I 'll start the restore 
Should be very fast 
Just restoring to factory condition . The drivers and so on should still be there 
Ok 
But I checked all over the internet . There are different opinions . Some people say it will format all drives . Some say it wo n't 
I think it wo n't .
Besides , formatting should let you decide how to divide the drives 
This is Win 7 . Should be unlikely to format all drives .
Yeah , I 'll try to backup some more things 
The backup speed is just too slow 
You should buy a portable hard drive .
I 'm backing them up onto my server 
Yeah 
Then why do n't you use online storage ? 
I 'm thinking about it too . What online storage should I use ? 
drop box is n't bad .
But I guess it 's not convenient domestically 
Yeah , it should be very slow to transfer over from China 
Then Baidu 
It has 5G 
I 'll try Apple 's iCloud first 
That 's still a foreign thing .
Apple should have servers in China 
Otherwise China 's things wo n't be able to speed up 
I still feel that I should n't tamper with it before backing up . [ Opinions differ | Various ideas are many ] 
It is certain that the system drive can be restored to original 
Just not sure about other drives 
That person said they did n't have time to check in the past two weeks , but will take a look these couple of days 
Ok 
Then no matter what , they will get the job approve done by Thursday 
Good 
I can get money then 
Then when they have time to take a closer look , I 'll change it for them 
But I guess it will be in the distant future 
How is finding a new job ? 
I 'll just wait for that =Canadian to get back to me about this 
Canadian 
He said he 'll send it to me these couple of days 
What about on elance ? 
There 's still no one on elance paying attention to me at the moment 
I think you can have the Canadian send it to your boa card 
Yeah . This time it 's certain 
I already told him there 's no need to go through elance anymore 
Then keep working with elance 
Ok 
You say I should go buy a portable hard drive to back up 
Then restore the system to factory image 
Or buy a system drive ? 
Win7 
I guess the price now is roughly the same 
Then get a portable hard drive 
Yeah , I think so too . A portable hard drive can still be useful later 
Then I 'll go buy one tomorrow 
Yeah 
Can you see if this is good or not ? 
500G or 750G 
389 or 399 
Supports cash on delivery 
Yeah .
Looks pretty good 
Just does n't have a comparison 
Seagate and Western Digital are pretty good for portable hard drives 
Samsung does n't make portable hard drives anymore , reportedly 
Then I 'll buy this 
Do you have a 360buy . com account ? 
I 'll look 
Yes 
I 've entered 
Filling out the form now 
Yeah 
Ok , submitted 
It says it can be delivered the next day 
Also avoided my traveling time 
Good 
Sleep earlier 
Yeah , ok 
Darling , I 'm going to wash up 
Ok 
Darling , I 'm going to sleep now 
You keep up with it 
Still have n't 
That does n't matter . I 'll talk to him tomorrow night and it 'll be fine 
You would n't want to go ? ? 
Of course not 
I said I can consider it in the future when I experience a setback in starting my own business 
Ca n't possibly go 
If you go to find work , you can certainly find a good one . First start up your own business well .
Yeah , I wo n't go look 
I mean that person 's boss had him come ask me today 
I think it 's very interesting 
You can cooperate long - term with them and hint that you 'll have a team to come and cooperate with them later .
I think if you have time you can go meet with their boss and chat about cooperation . But this may have to wait until after the company has started registration 
Yeah . This has already been said . They asked if I 'm the boss of this company . I said yes . They said we can have a long - term cooperation later 
Of course , wait for an appropriate opportunity . For example , a project to start with 
I think this way now is very good 
Yeah . Good 
[ Wood | Mutou ] I 'm going to get busy now 
Okay , call later 
Darling , it 's settled 
Good 
Go eat 
Yeah , will cook in a bit 
He does n't mind 
Sigh . No one really does n't mind .
You hurry and go make food ? 
This is a conversation 
I was speechless then 
You think he really does n't mind , or what ? 
Next time I 'll tell him I opened a PayPal account 
Yeah .
Have him go through PayPal 
Yeah . Definitely 
Quickly go and eat 
Yeah , I still have to buy some food to cook a meal 
I feel a little weak . Do n't really want to go to the food market . What should I do ? Should I always go to the supermarket to buy food in the future ? 
If you have such little guts , then do n't eat 
Sigh , that seriously ill person in Shanghai worked at the Minhang food market 
But for the sake of stability , the news did n't say which Minhang food market 
Darling , I 'm going to buy food now . Just buying vegetables . Probably be back in a quarter hour 
Ok 
I 'm back . Wash the food many more times now 
So took a little more time 
[ Ok | hao ] 
[ Wood | Mutou ] , can you (( insert while into a sentence with for )) ? 
Yes 
Just brushed my teeth 
[ Wood | Mutou ] , have you eaten dinner ? 
Darling , you 're up . I 've eaten 
Yeah .
Keep up with it 
Yeah 
[ Wood | Mutou ] , it seems the cell phone can still be used 
Is it usable ? 
Yes it is 
Forget it . I wo n't buy it anymore 
I 'm getting ready to go out 
Ok 
Hehe 
I arrived at school . Ran to att , surprisingly no one 
Ok 
No one paid attention to me 
Why do they ignore you ? 
So neglectful of customers 
Only two people , both with customers 
Oh , too few people 
[ Wood | Mutou ] , =have n't you registered on Amazon ? 
What ? 
Mine ca n't enjoy free shipping 
You can try yours once , then cancel it 
I 'll look 
Why do n't you register . Then I 'll go buy it 
Ok 
(( Does it work ? )) 
No 
[ Um | en ] 
Ok 
Darling , I 'm going to shower . After showering I 'll get ready to sleep 
[ Ok | hao ] 
By the way , I saw a trailer . Lu Ziqiao is going to play the modern version of Scarlet Heart . This guy seems to be [ doing | muddling along ] better and better 
Playing 2nd leading male role 
Darling , I 'm going to sleep 
Sleep first . Get up in the morning and watch the European Champions League , then sleep again 
Hehe 
Keep it up , darling 
Here ? 
Just got off work 
What time have you decided to go ? 
=Which day do you have time ? 
5th , 6th , two days . (( You decide then I can go )) 
I have to go sweep the tombs on the 4th 
Should be on duty 
Do n't know yet . How 's the weather this week ? 
What are you busy with ? 
Do n't know how many days off there will be for the Qingming Festival . =Which day will you choose so I can arrange 
Which other schools are you admitted to ? 
There is a Virginia Tech 
Oh , is that a master 's degree , too ? 
Right . We rarely apply for a doctor 's degree in our major 
Are you admitted to a PhD project ? 
It is also one for the master 's degree 
penn is very good . It 's beautiful 
I like Philadelphia very much , because there is a very good Chinatown 
Wha ha ha , I heard the same thing from my senior~ I look forward to it so much~ 
Um . I went to Philadelphia in June just to eat . There was a place called Joy Tsin Lau . Their morning tea was really great 
Wha wha wha 
Welcome , welcome~~ Let 's establish strongholds for each other ! 
It 's been my third year .... Are you going to graduate in the next year ? 
Yes 
That 's right . It is also very convenient for you to come to my place 
Good , good 
I am also concerned about the plane tickets now . [ Damn | Go your sister ] , it will easily cost more than ten thousand 
Ah , so expensive . Do more search . It is mainly that those for the east coast are all very expensive 
Right ... There are a lot of trivial things . I am so annoyed 
[ Damn | Your mother ] , the school dormitory fee is 800+ per month . I ca n't afford to live in !!! 
You can rent one outside 
Do n't be annoyed . We have all gone through this 
I do n't want to live too far away outside . There is a black area to the north . We always stay up late in our major .... I do n't even dare to go back when it 's late .... .
I 've asked a classmate . It cost at least 700 or so for a place nearby 
It 's crazy 
I also asked a female senior . She said there was hardly any time to cook myself ..... 
Too busy 
But there is a dining car that costs 5 [ dollars | knives ] for a meal , and the food tastes good . This seems to be the only thing I can look forward to [ emoticon ] 
Take it slowly . There is always a way . There are many Chinese people in penn . I am sure that you can get a solution 
I am also busy to death . I do n't feel I can love anymore . I have almost given up the idea of going out to travel 
I do all shopping online 
[ My god | I go ] ............ 
I ca n't imagine ..... So I think it does n't matter whether there is a kitchen in the house or not anymore .... It will basically not be used at all 
Um 
I have to study now . Talk to you later 
Um . Go ahead~~ 
I 'm here .
Sorry , my QQ number was stolen , I hope it has n't troubled you ? Did anyone ask you for money ? I 'm awfully sorry 
~~~ Hohoho , =Nope =nope ... ~what a cautious kid 
When do you plan to go ? 
I 'm not going to the factory department 
I was looking for you and Dong Zheng to go to see the suits together 
Guoren suits 
How long time do you need ? 
15 minutes 
The key is that you have to try them first 
OK . Let 's go right after the start of business 
OK 
Or we can just go now 
What about this , I will give you a call on the first floor as soon as I come back from home in the noon 
OK . Are our suits there ? 
Yes 
That 's why I asked you to go to have a try , and make some comments 
[ emoticon ] That wo n't cost money , right ? 
Not for just trying 
It will cost money if you place a custom order .
I 've just come back from Manager Wei . Do you think that based on the body shapes of Old Dong and I , we are likely to make some comments after we put on Guoren suits ? 
No. I think you two and I are getting along well 
When I put on a shirt that cost 300 , my wife said that it cost 30 at most [ emoticon ] 
Other people simply wo n't listen to me .
Ho ho 
Just call us when you arrive this afternoon 
How come ! 
OK 
Are you back ? 
I drop my daughter off at school in the morning 
Hehe 
What ’s the matter ? 
Ask Daowudao to join the club . We lack Taoist priests 
When was it ? 
Was it earlier ? 
Yes 
Check the calves yourself 
Okay 
hello 
Do you work in Xi Dan ? 
No , why are you asking this way ? 
I 'm just asking 
Yes , I 'm in Zhongguancun 
So , how are you ? How will you arrange these two days ? 
I 'm on a business trip 
Oh , I 've heard about it , are you in Germany ? 
No , I 'm in Australia 
I 'm on a business trip , not a job rotation 
If there is a job rotation , I will not go to Germany , I will go to America 
Go to Philadelphia 
Very good 
Remember to eat cheesesteak when you go to Philadelphia 
I will visit and observe your alma mater [ expression ] 
Ok , welcome . It 's a pity that I ca n't be the tour guide . You can go and have a look at the world 's first computer Eniac 
Lin Min , have you done james 's pw math problem ? The continuous flow total cost I got in the end is cheaper by almost 18 million . Did you get about the same result ? 
I have n't done it yet , and will do it at night 
OK , after you are done , let 's compare our results when we have time . I ca n't wait till the eleventh hour to hand in the assignment this time 
OK ~ 
I 'm working on the assignment for another class , finalproject on Wednesday … 
Let 's put out more effort and get through the exam week together 
Yes !!! 
Hey , I 'm done with the assignment 
Our answers should be the same 
The first total cost is 63.93 m 
The second cost is 46.1 m , approximately equal to 
a difference of almost 18 m 
Yes , I got the same numbers . Looks like everything is quite fine [ emoticon ] 
Yes ~ 
I want to ask you something about work : In your opinion , will our company 's performance go up as the people 's quality improves ? 
You just need to say your opinion 
I personally think that it is not possible to improve the quality as you wish . Those that have been improved are all superficial 
Personal quality does not necessarily have anything to do with the company 's profits , in my opinion 
I asked this question because I was thinking one thing : Manager Lu is going to send some managers out for training at the cost of a large amount of money again 
The current underperformance is not because we do n't know how to do or how to manage .
However , working with high - quality people gives you a better mood at work , and you will not be badly annoyed by problems that should not have been problems every day .
I think so .
So , I do n't want the company to waste the money on me 
Others do n't dare to say it 
I will go home from work first . Let 's discuss about it in the afternoon .
I do n't think there will likely be any effect after the training .
It is good to learn some advanced stuff in the field of management , though 
It would also be good if the performance is improved because the system is modified , but the main performance is now achieved by us who are running outside 
OK 
Why have n't you popped any news for such a long time ? 
News about what ? 
You do n't speak , and do n't get online 
Still have n't got properly adjusted ? 
Well , I get online sometimes , and wonder , what can I talk with you guys ? I have become a bit retarded staying at home all day long [ emitocon ] 
I stay in Dangjia Village now , and seldom goes outdoors [ emoticon ] 
How long have n't you been to work ? 
Half a year , maybe 
I am almost disconnected from the society , all I consider is daily necessities , fuel , rice , oil , salt , etc. 
Suspension from duty without pay , or sick leave ? 
Casual leave 
WTF . They wo n't allow suspension from duty without pay , saying that they are worried that I might seek another job 
Your work unit is really nice 
How do they pay the salary for casual leave ? 
There 's no salary for casual leave 
Awesone 
What are you planning to return to work ? 
After giving birth to the second child [ emoticon ] , although I do n't know exactly when 
Are you pregnant now ? 
I have n't started the preparation yet , it 's just been half a year 
The first half year 
Are you going to prepare soon ? We are planning to have the second baby upon the weaning of Baby Ou 
You are also planning on the second baby ? 
Yes 
So why not plan together ? 
Will you wean your daughter when she is one year old ? 
Yes 
You are so awesome ! 
Are you planning to get pregnant starting from August or September ? 
Are you talking about me ? 
We are planning on the first half year , just let it be 
Oh 
We must wait after weaning Baby Ou , otherwise she will have no mother milk to feed on 
Really , Baby Ou 's mum is so nice ? 
Happy for Baby Ou ! 
I 've added complementary food long since 
Are you planning to deliver the baby in the US ? I have started studying it long since 
Nope 
I do n't have that much money 
Not too much 
100,000 RMB is enough 
Where do I get 100,000 RMB ? ! [ emoticon ] We are poor again now 
What you give the baby is much more than 100,000 if she is born in the US 
Think carefully , you do n't always have this chance , this is your only chance 
Old brother , have you seen Li Zekai lately ? 
Haha , did n't he go to the provincial team ? 
=How about today ? 
He 's definitely practicing in the provincial team 
You care so much about him 
Is Jin Yuquan also there ? 
Why do n't you care about Jin Yuquan 
Of course 
I care about both of them 
[ Hey you | little thing ] 
Do n't I know your small thoughts ? 
They both did n't come to play ball lately 
Yes 
Until when ? 
Persistently goes on 
We both can not see them for ever 
Wo n't we play games together in the Sixth Youth Games ? 
Whom will Li Zekai play =with in mixed doubles in the Sixth Youth Games ? 
Geng Qin 
What about me ? 
Why do you stop talking ? 
How is your market research going , Boss Ding ? 
Shouguang is a good location 
It so occurs to me that there is a food expo in Shouguang lately 
I do n’t need to advertise my business , many customers come and wait for my products 
By the way , I ’ve got a tea shop that will be open on April 28th 
You are so capable , Boss Ding 
The price of tea is even more stable than jadeware 
The profit of tea is really , really huge 
Even if I do not profit this year , the media company can at least make up for me 
Besides , I feel that I can sell 100,000 or 200,000 RMB ever year , the least that I can expect 
If so , if half the earnings is the profit , I will be able to pay the rent and manpower 
The rest is pure profit 
There are many tea shops 
Where do you find so many customers 
Hoho , man proposes 
In such a tiny place as Shouguang , they have a Tea Expo City 
In fact , it mainly relies on relations 
The more tea sellers , the easier tea sale is 
Tea price is [ such a pitfall | just like kidding one ’s father ] , the tea selling at several thousand RMB may cost only several RMB 
LOL , that is quite unlikely 
But the profits are indeed huge 
My elder brother is doing quite well with his tea business in Yantai , so he has always wanted me to open one 
The point is you have to be able to sell it … My friend is doing this , too 
Well , how is he doing ? 
He is building relations with everybody and sending tea around 
LOL 
And he drags people to his place to drink tea 
Tea tasting 
I do n’t need to spare so many efforts 
His younger brother is also working in his place , and he passed the certification of Tea Art Specialist 
Just to swindle customers 
Hoho 
My girlfriend contacted several factories for him 
Plants 
Besides , I am in the media industry , so I can do the advertisement myself 
LOL 
Since when have you had a girlfriend ! 
You have n’t reported to the organization yet 
Fuck 
If I wanted to get married , my child would have been older than your daughter 
Otherwise how do you think I can muddle along in Shouguang ? 
Boss Ding muddling along ? 
Tea business is not so easy in Jinan 
Right 
If many people do this , it is easy ; if too many people do this , it is a chaos 
I guess it depends on who does it 
LOL 
Are you this confident ? 
You spend so many efforts on these things . I feel that finding a work is better 
You do n’t have any burden 
I seem to be born for business 
Fuck , you do n’t earn money by working in a company 
I am not suitable for regular work , but I also regret having gone into the business now 
Regular work is good 
I ’m counting on your big money , lend me five million so that I can open my store , LOL 
LOL , I do n’t have a high ambition , and do n’t need much money . I ’ll be content if I can earn five million , and I will donate all the rest , LOL 
Right , donate to poor guys , such as me , LOL 
You are such a faker 
I am a complete poor guy 
[ picture ] Is n’t this money ? 
LOL 
This little money is nothing 
Money comes from savings 
It ’s worried the hell out of me , how can I earn money in Jinan ? 
I think you should open a restaurant 
A high - end one 
Actually I have always wanted to open a high - end clubhouse 
If you ’ve got the conditions , a clubhouse is also good 
The clubhouse is not the business of any ordinary guy 
But you ’ve got the aptitude for it 
I =do n’t have the startup fund 
Unless I sell my house 
What ’s all this fuss now that you have a house and a car ? 
Earning money to emigrate 
I want to open a super private clubhouse , rich people abound in Jinan 
Alas , think of something real 
Sigh , something real is working in the office 
How leisurely that is 
No money and many worries 
I can never compare with you no matter how much I earn . (( All others are living a stable life )) 
Recently 7 Days Inn has opened more than ten hotels in Jinan 
All fully occupied 
You are too good at spending money 
7 Days Inn , Home Inn , Jinjiang Inn … they all make a lot of money 
Hello , Qiong 
Hello 
How have you been lately ? 
It 's pretty good 
I seldom see you online 
How about your kid ? 
Doing fine ? 
The kid does not listen to me ; making me =feel bad always 
Is he still unwilling to study ? 
This fellow has still not woken up yet 
Hmm , he is attending a vocational school now 
It 's fine to attend a vocational school 
To master one skill 
Still in the school ? 
I 'm in the school 
Oh 
They live on campus , closed style 
Oh 
One vacation per month 
Oh 
He had a quarrel with me last week 
I 've been feeling very annoyed recently 
Hehe 
How about you ? Are you okay ? 
OK 
Ours are still young 
and still rather obedient 
I have to go out now 
Oh 
What are you doing ? 
Reading a manuscript 
Reading a manuscript while going on the internet . A true socialist , middle - class society .
This is the number for work use 
Actually it ’s very busy at work 
Busy now ? I 'm also reading the archives while taking the chance to get online .
What is that [ QQ instant messenger | QQ ] group for our class ? 
We go online in order to look up information 
We have [ QQ instant messenger | QQ ] to facilitate internal communications 
Okay . I 'm talking about the [ QQ instant messenger | qq ] number of our liberal arts class 
Liberal Arts Students Association 
You want to join it ? 
What do you say ? Little Sister , you 're in it . Of course I want to join 
I basically do n't say anything in it 
Okay . Will they let me join ? Do n't kick me out .
They wo n't 
They 'll be very welcoming 
Then I do n't want to join either . I just want to chat with you alone .
Adding one more is no big deal 
I heard they really had complaints about us not participating in that gathering .
Seems so 
It 's mainly because we originally agreed to it and then suddenly said we were no longer coming 
Why ? You had complaints too ? 
Made it such that there was n’t even anyone to accompany the teacher 
I 'm neutral 
But it 's always wrong to stand someone up 
I had never promised anyone . There was no one to accompany the teacher because it was n't organized well . That time in Yongxin , I took rather good care of Teacher Yang .
I 'd like to go and see you in Beijing someday , will I be welcome ? 
It ’s true you did n't ever promise . However , according to the original plan , there was someone to accompany the teacher , and then they suddenly said they were n’t coming 
It ’d be great if you happened to be coming to Beijing on a business trip 
NO. I want to come specially to see you , just like running to Xinyu all those years ago , may I ? 
This way , I would feel a psychological burden 
I ’m also afraid that you wo n’t be happy if you come 
How come ? 
Specially making a trip for me 
It ’s no problem , actually this is a type of enjoyment of life .
Hoho , I shall bring my spouse to see you , may I ? 
Do you Beijing students frequently get together ? 
We sometimes have gatherings 
Usually when someone comes to Beijing from out of town 
If you come we can also have a small gathering 
At least we can call those from class seven 
All right . I 'm not afraid of anyone ? When the time comes I 'll directly let them know my purpose for coming to Beijing 
Hoho , that 's good then 
Do you have vacation ? 
You wo n't quarrel , right ? Does n't matter , I 'll help you . I still have muscles , I reckon he is no match for me 
Of course not . He knows about you 
Teachers have vacations , but lawyers do n't have vacations .
When do you plan to come ? 
I have to look at the status of the cases I 'm handling now .
Approximately when ? 
Ca n’t say for certain . I will not casually reply to matters which I ’m not sure of . Not like when I was with you all those years ago . After suffering a setback that time , my heart is now mature and sensible .
Then I ’ll wait till you have finished considering and tell me 
Are you often in Beijing ? You ’re still at that publishing house ? 
Still at that place where the flowers were sent last time ? 
Yes 
Those flowers from last time , are they someplace now ? Thrown away ? 
Hoho . They withered long ago , but I will always remember them nevertheless 
What about the stone rabbit from that time ? 
Still here 
I thank my [ junior alumna | junior sister apprentice ] for those flowers . Where did you put the rabbit ? Office ? Home ? 
Office 
Okay . When the time comes , can I go into your office ? 
It would n’t be good 
How come ? 
It ’s not very convenient 
What time do you all get off work ? 
Between five o'clock and five thirty 
That means you 're getting off work then ? 
Yes 
I really want to hear your voice , I ’ll have a listen when it 's convenient , is that okay ? 
Do n't sit around every day 
Exercise more 
Yes , I really need to exercise more .
You can give me a call occasionally 
Let ’s chat again next time then , I want to exercise 
Be careful of fatty liver disease 
Whether we meet or not is n't important . What 's important is that you are doing well 
Thanks for the reminder . I do have a fatty liver now , so annoying . Same to you , take care ! 
Take care . Go home early . Eat and sleep on time 
Okay , goodbye ! 
Your father has quit smoking ! That 's so great !! 
Hee hee . When one gets older , his goal is to live longer , ha ha 
How is everything going recently ? I am going to take the final exam in early May . I picked two courses , but one of them , econometrics , is very hard .
I have not studied economics courses before , and I do n't know any friend who studies economics . I am so nervous : - ) 
Hello , Engineer Gong . Are you there ? 
Yes 
This is a surgery request form from the ENT department 
They say that when it was printed before , there were no borders , only =words 
only words 
Now it has borders 
Moreover , in the past they can select to print starting from a specific line 
Now , it is all - 1 by default , and there is no way to make changes 
- 1 is what the program has by default 
Now the format of printing is in a mess ? 
Have they tried to print it from other computers ? 
Mainly , they are saying that they used to be able to make changes , but they can not make changes now 
On the page that is retrieved , no borders are shown , but once it is printed , even in the print preview , =there are 
there are 
He tried it on the machine across from him as well , it 's the same 
If it is - 1 by default , you have to print it from sequence first , you need only to click in any other blank 
If you want to print from a certain place , just click that unit blank 
Now , after the click , a frame shows up and displays - 1 inside . There is no way to make changes 
- 1 is correct 
as default 
I 'll get someone to do it remotely 
Can it be done remotely now ? 
Uh , how to change that frame ? 
The director 's machine is idle 
Try doing it remotely 
If it can be done remotely , feel free to find me directly 
OK , I 'll go over right away 
Hello . Please log - on to the Medical Record .
I do n't know the administrator 's password 
Are you there ? 
In the past , all consent forms had no borders when printed ? 
Hmm . The office people say there were none 
Wait a minute . I 'll ask technical personnel to take a look 
Technical personnel will contact Director Wang via QQ shortly 
Could you please go over to turn on remote access 
I opened his Q and placed it on the desktop 
Hello , Engineer Bian . Are you there 》？ 
Hello , Engineer Zhang 
What 's the problem now ? 
Manager Chen , are you there ? 
Is our factory still recruiting ? 
Can I recommend a friend ? 
? 
It 's a girl 
Is there an appropriate vacancy ? 
Yes 
Oh 
Professional high - quality talent 
We do n't recruit women 
I see 
She has worked in statistics and =quality =control in Jintai Electronics 
Quality Control 
Ho ho 
How does she look ? 
She does n't live very far away from our factory 
She does things well 
She has been working in Jintai for several years , and is not bad looking 
Why do you ask how she looks ? 
She has worked in quality control , and is very assertive at work 
Are you there ? 
It ’s OK now 
? 
The Qiaochu financial statements are not balanced , a difference of 24.77 
Is it because some financial expenses were put on the wrong side ? 
Let me see [ Note : This user is using Q+ Web ： http://web.qq.com/] 
The 24.77 is interest , I put it on the credit side 
It should be a debit in red numbers , right ? 
Make the adjustment to it 
Um 
=Okay 
Okay 
Have all of the expenses of the recruiting office been offset ? 
Not offset yet . Those for 2011 have all been offset , a portion of those for Nanjing have been offset , those for 2012 have n't been offset 
If there are more funds for the recruiting offices , =offset that of Nanjing first 
Okay 
To whom is the 9,192 under Other Accounts Payable - Organization payable owed ? 
It 's the express delivery fees for the postal office , not paid 
The invoices have been issued 
Qiaochu needs a cash flow statement for its annual check , but there does n't seem to be one here 
You mean the one for as of the end of 2012 ? I 'll make one for you later 
Yes 
Transfer 3,812 yuan to Li Xiaoyan , as a bonus advance 
I 'll forward the email to you 
Well , there 's no money , of the 20,000 you transferred over last time , none was left after paying the salaries of the Strategy Department and 4,000 to Tan Zhenmeng as salary advance [ Note : This user is using Q+ Web ： http://web.qq.com/] 
The email approves 4,000 , of which 188 should be paid by Ji'nan 
I 'll ask Ji'nan to pay it on your behalf 
Record a current entry , but you do n't need to pay her 
Um , how much should be entered into the current entry ? 
3,812 
Okay 
Shandong HiTeam Technology will pay it on your behalf 
Okay 
As for the cash Qiaochu flow statements , Director Wang said the materials should be sent over in a few days 
Oh 
I forgot this matter 
I 'll do it later 
Okay 
What 's the deadline for paying social security ? 
I 'm not clear about this , I 'll ask Manager Xu . In the past , it was the 15th for handing in checks to the bank , but now it 's paid online with immediate deduction 
Yeah , but it 's already beyond the deadline 
It should be okay to pay it in now , in the past there were also times when we were a couple of days late 
How much money do you have over there ? 
Nearly 2,000 
The social security has been approved , but for the time being there 's no money over here 
You do n't have any cash either ? 
Ah , no , wait , 
There seems to be 4,000 in the BOC account which has gone unused the whole time , these scattered amounts will only scratch the surface in what is owed to social security 
Dear , work hard to scrape it together 
For the moment , this side ca n't be counted on 
But it 's still 10,000 short 
Um , I 'll search the accounts here one by one for money 
to see whether it 's possible to scrape it together 
Um , 
Stop searching for money 
It looks like this side can give you 14,000 
So , with the amount you already have , it 's enough 
It 's enough 
(( XX Technology )) paid 11,000 upfront 
How much is still needed , counting the money in your hand ? 
11,000 is just enough , with that in hand 
Enough ? 
Um 
Sigh , not easy 
Hehe 
Contact the Yongyou store over there and ask how much a box of printing paper is 
If the price is reasonable , do n't handwrite the copies in the future 
Just print them , and save some trouble 
Um 
How do I find you to get the clothes I prefer 
Dear , where are you ? 
Shanda Road 
Why do n't I bring it over some day when I come by ? 
[ emoticon ] Too lazy to order the green pants 
Are there still any light gray ones ? 
Can a three - year old child under 1 meter wear them ? 
[ emoticon ] Yes 
Will they be too long ? I indicated the length of the pants . Dear , you 'd better measure the little baby 's pants . Otherwise , if they do n't fit refund is guaranteed 
I do n't have a baby . I am afraid my recommendations will be inaccurate 
No problem . If it 's long just fold it up 
So cheap , we wo n't return or exchange 
Haha , refunds and exchange are guaranteed from you 
I will order something else from your shop , to help you promote it 
No need , Dear . I 'm lazy . Have n't finished yet . I 'll write it down for you and give it to you first . When I 'm finished I 'll inform you , then order 
Alright 
Are you there during the day or at night ? 
Daytime 
My workplace is over here 
Where on Shanda Road ? Actually , I often go through there 
Just at the junction of Shanda Road and Heping Road . Here at New Oriental 
Old Wave 
Oh , contact you later . I 'll see when I have time [ emoticon ] 
Ok then 
Last time we talked about adding each other 's microblog accounts , but later I forgot about it . Send yours to me after you get online , mine is a Sina account 
[ Dong ’s Little Mistakes | Dongxiaocuocuo ] 
Is it a Sina account ? 
Yes 
I 've added you . The name is : Kuang Jianxi 
Yes 
Thank God there was no explosion in Philadelphia 
Security has been tightened in New York and Washington 
There was a poisoning case even at Fudan … 
Then go out less now … 
Hmm 
Have you all started school ? 
Yes 
Hmm , how do you feel ? 
Class in two hours 
I do n't feel anything … 
Hmm , go get ready ~ 
Haha , it 's also quite good to not have any stress ~ 
That poisoning case at Fudan scared the shit out of me , it was really scary … 
You were not the one poisoned … 
But it makes me shiver thinking of it … 
Is it confirmed that it 's poisoning ? 
Yes , has already been criminally detained 
But I heard there were no mutual interests between them 
No idea 
I do n't know what actually happened … 
The guy is already dead … 
There was no mention of the motive 
Even the public security department can not be relied on to do its work 
Interrogation is still underway 
Regardless of the motive , this is too evil … 
I 'm going to take a nap 
Lack of sleep these two days 
OK , go sleep quickly 
Sleep well~ 
Hello , I 'm Mei Sheng 's mother , can we exchange opinions ? [ expression ] 
Haha , ok 
When will you approximately go to America ? 
It 's early , [ the first baby | big treasure ] is only 7 and a half month old , we will start to prepare to want [ a second baby | two treasure ] until she weans 
So you prepare to give a birth to [ a second baby | two treasure ] 
Awesome 
Yes 
Are n't there so many parents who prepare to give a birth to [ a second baby | two treasure ] ? 
Well well . Yes 
Come on then , you two 
What about you ? Have you given a birth to a baby ? 
I have n't been pregnant yet 
Oh , are you preparing for it ? 
Well well , yes 
How 's your preparation ? 
[ The first baby | Big treasure ] has n't weaned , we ca n't prepare for it 
There will be no breast milk to feed for [ The first baby | Big treasure ] once my wife is pregnant 
[ Dear | Qin ] , I 'll chat with you later , I 'm going to deal with something ... 
Are you busy ? 
Say 
Will anybody take charge of me if I set a street booth on Gutian 3rd Road ? 
There are people taking charge , it ’ll be ok if you pay some money 
It seems some yuan each day 
Pay to whom ? 
Whoever that charges you ... I am not clear either 
You got to strive to get a location ... Hehe 
I saw there were not many people on the cross street in front 
Many people 
Very many people in the evening 
We had a visit on the Sunday evening 
I mean there are many places 
When does it normally begin ? 
It will begin right after super 
Around 6 , I think 
OK 
Hehe , we are planning to set up a booth 
Hehe 
Good 
What to sell ? Handbags ? 
Right 
Hehe , good 
Hello , Manager Chen 
What do I need to do to resign ? 
Hello 
Submit your resignation request form at least 20 days in advance 
Oh , what about leaving ? 
After the resignation request form is submitted , the direct supervisory will sign first . After that , Human Resources will sign and then General Manager Lu will sign afterwards .
After the form is signed , you will go to the Administrative Department to get the Employee Resignation Checklist 
It takes so long 
Yes 
Therefore , the idea of 20 days in advance is that it takes time to sign . However , if the supervisors sign it quickly , then it will be very fast 
Okay , thank you 
You ’re welcome 
Right , Manager Chen , do n’t tell anyone before General Manager Wei signs it 
Um 
Okay , do n’t worry 
What 's your name ? 
Haha 
Hi 
Zhang Zhixiang 
Hi , you can just call me Little Zhang 
These are the pictures with captions 
Are you there ? 
What 's the full name for Wanjia ? 
OK 
Use the full name at the beginning and end of the article 
Dongying Wanjia Real Estate Development Co. , Ltd. 
Oh 
Got it 
Thanks ! 
Depressed depressed 
What ’s wrong ? 
I am in a very bad mood 
It ’s all on those civil servants who does nothing but receive their pay checks 
I am criticized by my leader because of them 
Why are you depressed ? 
Nothing . It ’s just work 
Well , what exactly is it ? 
Why are you using the mobile phone ? 
Playing text murder game with friends outside 
Well , I am now busy , too 
Have fun 
Take your time 
Hello 
Hello 
What shall I call you ? 
Zhu Yifei 
I ’m in Hankou 
Are you a Wuhan native ? 
Yes 
That ’s me on the left 
On the right is my college friend 
Are you far from Changqing Huayuan ? 
I live at Gutian Si Road = 
I do n’t know exactly about that 
I ’m hopeless at finding my way around 
I ’m from Hanchuan 
My hometown is Hanchuan 
Is it ? 
Do you have a photo ? 
There ’s one in Jiayuan , is n’t there ? 
Which one is you ? 
Cupid ’s sword ? 
Cupid 
Haha 
Yes 
I just gave you my QQ number 
You work in the Statistics Bureau ? 
Mm , right 
The Statistics Bureau on Bayi Road ? 
No 
I work in Dongxihu 
Oh 
What does the Statistics Bureau do ? 
They do reports 
My aunt is in the provincial statistics bureau , but I ’ve never known what they do 
Usually people who do n’t do this find it very hard to understand 
What do you do ? 
Engineering 
That ’s very abstract 
Is it doing houses or bridges 
Engineering to support metros 
Supporting projects 
That ’s great 
I ’m just muddling through 
Really ? 
You do engineering and you still muddle through 
Hehe , it ’s very hard work 
Mm , mm . I know that . In my dorm room there ’s a woman who does engineering accounting 
What hobbies do you generally have outside of work ? 
I generally like doing karaoke , watching movies 
Then , doing some sports 
So , you call some people to come out in the evening , and let ’s go and do karaoke 
What sports do you like ? 
Today ? 
Badminton , yoga , swimming 
Yes 
Haha , I do n’t think today will work 
Tomorrow is the weekend 
Tomorrow morning I have to go for a check - up . Today I ’ve got to go to bed early 
Karaoke until 10 o’clock would be fine 
At a place near you 
How about next week ? 
Well , we ’ve got to do something , =have n’t we 
Have dinner 
Tomorrow night ? 
I do n’t know if I ’ve got time tomorrow night 
Tomorrow or the next day would both be OK 
If I ’ve got time I ’ll tell you 
I think I might have to go out , I ’ve got some things to do 
Mm , mm . Never mind 
=Do n't you have fixed hours off work ? 
Yes , that ’s how it is for engineering 
Mm , mm , I understand 
I have two single friends as well , if you know any single girls , you could introduce them come the time 
Haha 
We ’re all very straightforward people , just want to find someone reliable , no needs other than that 
I have 
I even have two 
That ’s coincidental 
I have a very positive impression of people from Hanchuan 
A girl at university who I got on extremely well with was from Hanchuan 
My other 2 friends are n’t from Hanchuan 
I do n’t care about that 
These days the important thing is n’t where you ’re from 
Right 
When you have time call your 2 friends out to go to karaoke together 
OK 
No problem 
Do your 2 friends have any preconditions 
We all want a man who we can spend time with in life 
Haha 
Well we are in agreement on that 
They are next to me , asking if you can send photos over to have a look 
That 
We might as well just drop it 
I ’ll send photos of them to you as well 
It ’s these two 
You =should look after yourself first 
I think I like women like you , even though I have n’t seen you 
How do you get there ? 
By bus 
It goes directly there 
Hehe 
Exhibition Center ? 
I heard you are taking traditional Chinese medicine 
Nope 
Is n’t the hotel on Lida Road ? 
Jida Road 
Well , traditional Chinese medicine is better than western medicine 
Yes , I go there via Lvyou Road 
Your baby is already born . Why do you still take the medicine ? 
Adjust blood pressure 
Qiuguang , do we need to get the tennis balls ? ? 
Are there enough for tomorrow ? 
It seems that Chief Zhang said last week we should get more 
How many left ? 
I did n't go on Sunday , I do n't know 
You ask Chief Zhang , he knows 
Chief Zhang is not in 
Wait for him to come back 
There are half a box 
Do you think that 's enough ? 
Then that 's enough 
I do n't know how many there are 
I did n't go on Sunday either 
Great 
I take that day off 
You little one 
You are so unrestrained 
Qiuguang , will you take the tennis ? I did n't drive my car 
I wo n't go tomorrow 
.......... You are such an unstrained one 
You go out to be a hooligan 
I will tell my sister - in - law 
You wait 
Do n't think that I know nothing . Hm hm 
Do n't listen to Wang Chen 's nonsense 
You shameless 
That was my classmate 
She urged me to buy her insurance 
........ 
The insurance salespersons are very great 
Shit 
Bragging and bragging 
You say you will buy if she agrees to have sex with you 
I wo n't buy even if so 
I have no money 
....... 
I will go to get the tennis 
Bad one 
When did you see Wang Chen ? 
A few days ago . He was eating lobster 
Shit 
How is his child ? 
[ Oh Gosh | Faint ] . No idea 
Do n't ask me 
I saw his wife looked terrible 
Her face looked fat but weak 
Hehe 
Might there be anything ? 
So little 
Really do n't know 
Did n't you ask ? 
Show your care 
How dare I do that ? 
Always (( rolling )) me 
It will be the third time if you go tomorrow 
Is n't it enough if one person goes just twice 
......... 
Who said that ? 
I do n't want to go either 
Do n't you know ? 
Chief Xing asked me to go 
Ah 
Pity 
One just have choose two from the four times 
So advanced ! 
......... 
OK .
I wo n't go tomorrow 
Ask for leave . Shit 
Progressive youth ! 
I want to take a day off 
[ Bee , Bee │ Mifeng , Mifeng ] !! 
Are you there ? 
Um , yes , I ’m here . However , we can chat a little bit like this first if you want to do WeChat next time 
Okay ! .... 
How are you ? 
I want to =video chat with you next time ! 
I took the examination . I ’m waiting for the results 
You took the examination this morning 
When will the results come out , ya ? 
I took the examination yesterday . I guess I ’ll have to wait for a few days . I ’m not sure 
Oh , the examination is over . Rest properly 
=Yes 
Where in Beijing do you want to visit ? 
I ’m thinking 
o ( ∩ _ ∩ ) o 
Is the weather in Beijing good now ? I heard my classmate said that many people in Beijing have to wear dust - proof mask when they go out . Is that right ... 
It ’s okay now . You do n’t need to wear it 
Oh , I saw your signature . Your father is very cute ! It makes you play hard 
How much is my share ? 
Senior , there is no need . This was for the questionnaire last time . You also helped 
When the time comes , I still need to pay you for the number of questionnaires that you finished 
There ’s no need 
Just treat the two of them 
Senior ... My pleasure ... 
I wanted to ask you this time to begin with because of the questionnaire thing last time . At any rate , there is extra money that we can take out to eat 
I feel uneasy 
Do n’t mention it~~ 
I ’ve been in a bad mood lately . Hehe , that ’s why I went 
Senior , we all know each other . If there is any need , it ’s okay that we go out together and talk casually 
Do n’t brood over things 
Did you appeal the loss ? 
=Yeah .
I appealed . . Did n't resolve anything .
I hear that many that were assassinated were numbers that had been washed 
Fuck ! Piece of shit Tencent .
There were several that they restored 
Yeah . . How would Shanhe help Empire ? 
Empire will submit to Shanhe 's Jim 
I read 89 , its not clear 
OK . . Is Empire going to fail like this ? 
They compromised 
OK . . Let them do as they wish . At any rate I 'm not playing . .
If you do n't have anything to do then go on . . If you ca n't get on just forget it 
[ Picture ] I 'm posting it 
Yeah yeah . . Just post it for fun [ expression ] 
I 'll go on with your number today , and have a good curse [ expression ] 
[ expression ] what ? 
Curse who 
Curse that SOB who washed your number 
Curse him to be hit by a car when going out and become paralyzed 
Yeah .. No problem . It 's still better not to curse . . At least nobody knows .
They all know 
[ Expression ] OK .
How much power have you lost from Xuanyuan 
You check it out . . If there 's no problem I 'll learn these skills . I expect my reputation is sufficient .
If I do n't have time I 'll just forget about it 
Skills are easy 
When the stones close it 's not easy 
Yeah . . No problem . . First bring along the 3 levels 
You can only do this 
Yeah yeah . Sorry to trouble you 
I 'll go to my friends to ask who is playing your number ! I want to make him regret it 
People who treat friends like this are really shameless 
Actually , I know who it is .
That day he drank too much . He apologized to me .
Jesus 
What 's past is past . . You need not investigate it too much . .
Be wary when you are playing . . But when you are n't playing this is not important 
Can you be irresponsible to your friends if you drink too much 
Yeah . . After all he had my number for more than 2 years and nothing happened . . Otherwise , it 'd have been scraped long ago . .
Ugh ! You really do n't get it 
Otherwise there 'd be no way .
You guys just have money 
So you do n't care 
When kids have so much money , in the end it is just wated 
If you make several valuable friends through one game it counts as being worth it 
That 's true 
Tencent is also like this . If they ca n't get it back , it is useless to curse them out 
You can only let it go .
Friendship between gentlemen is as pure as crystal , the key is to look at one 's actions .
Yeah . If you can see them that ’s good .
Games are games , who has never been young [ expression ] 
That 's because you do n't want to play , nor do you want to actively go get it back , so Tencent will not treat you as important 
If you assassinate those that were washed how can you find it 
Ha ha ha ha ha 
Yeah . Tencent only needs to drop investment records 
Perhaps it 's that although I have gained no wisdom from a few years I still am fairly extreme in my actions 
It 's not that you 're extreme . . If I were still playing I would have been immediately worried too . .
That ’s true 
Once you stop playing a game . When you 've left it for a while . . Then you will no longer be infatuated with it 
I 've been away for half a year , then came back to play 
Yeah . I completely have no passion . . Compared to at the beginning when I made my NB king .
Jiuye , Xiaohai . Yiyi . All of them do n't play any more . .
All of the seven heroes came to their end 
Expropriation 
I have n't spend money to play for almost more than a year now 
Yeah . Once you stop playing . Or stop throwing in money . . You are very soon pulled down 
That ’s right 
You ca n't catch up to them 
I also warned Zhonghua .
But Zhonghua did n't listen to me 
Zhonghua has n't played in a while 
So who is playing his number ? 
Is n't Little Rong that 's helping him play 
I do n't know who is playing it now 
So why did Zhonghua and Little Rong start fighting ? 
I think he had a sudden falling out with Little Rong 
Zhonghua has always been playing .
The relationship between them is confusing to me 
Yeah . . Zhonghua told me . Nor can I say much about him . .
Now they 've made it so Jim and 89 are also about to have a falling out with Little Rong 
Little Rong is a piece of garbage 
He 's ok 
I hear that Little Rong is a girl 
If not for Zhonghua , Little Rong would have been beaten into not playing long ago .
She really can cry and then cause trouble 
Ha ha ha 
For the most part , Little Rong 's number was invested in by Zhonghua 
Look at how slow his power is growing after he fell out with Zhonghua 
Is n't 89 helping him again 
I do n't know . . I do n't know the recent developments very well . . I did n't ask him in detail 
Its chaotic 
Too chaotic 
Yeah . Nothing is real . . It 's too complicated . I 'm not willing to continue to listen to it 
I still should hang out my machine , and manage well my alliance 
Originally I thought when you came back from the appeal , I 'd use your number to protect my alliance 
No problem . . 1W is very fast . . After all , 3 Jin is almost closed 
I 'm not going to waste money , let 's go slowly 
Hello , may I ask if any of these posts that require payment of settlement fees before employment does not have an age limit ? 
No. 
Our company 's trainees or adult test candidates 33 years old or younger will be fine .
All of them have age requirements . Is it unacceptable even if the age exceeds just one or two years ? 
Can I apply for the highway job ? 
I am nearly 29 years old 
Mayday !! 
I love Mayday !!!! 
Ashin is so adorable !!! 
You 've finally come to your senses 
Yes , I finally fell in love with the 30 - year - old feet - scratching man who loves to act cute 
… 
stop behaving intimately with uncle G 
Why is n't it master G ? 
What is master ? 
Your foreign language sucks 
I am a Chinese 
I speak Chinese 
You must have an international vision 
Write Traditional Chinese characters 
Let me see you write one using a writing brush 
No problem 
This is no problem for me 
I 'll write oracle bone scripts for you 
Must be worthy of being called calligraphy 
I saw Zhang Tielin writing calligraphy in My Fair Princess !!! There was no double writing on his behalf !!!! Very literate !!! 
=Baby ~~~ 
I 'm going to =eat ~~~~~~~~~~~ 
You 're a disgusting pervert 
Fuck 
How do you know I am not a [ gay man | chicken master ] ? 
By instinct , you 're a pervert … 
Teacher Zhang , are you there ? 
Yes 
I 've sent you a reply 
OK , thanks 
The position classification you gave me is a teaching and scientific research position 
I originally applied for a scientific research position 
The leaders changed it for you 
I 've not had any classes , so I 'm afraid I wo n't be able to complete the yearly teaching task of 36 credit hours 
In that case , I 'll change it back 
No problem 
OK 
Thanks 
Whom should I ask to sign on your behalf ? 
Why do n't you sign it for me ? [ emoticon ] 
OK 
If it ’s not peaceful recently , you need to be careful [ expression ] [ expression ] 
Thank you for showing concern . What I said was mainly in China .
Even though there are bombings here 
Haha , I misinterpreted it [ expression ] [ expression ] 
It ’s very bad in China 
As soon as the Premier was changed , there came the avian flu and then the earthquake 
I am very sad when I see the earthquake victims 
It ’s not peaceful in China now . Let ’s pray 
Yes , right . Even though praying does n’t necessarily work , still =have to try to pray for the people in the disaster areas 
Um , it ’s getting late . Go to bed earlier 
Sister - in - law , what 's the phone number of the place where you took one month old photos ? Which series was it for [ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] ? 
What 's the phone number ? 
Thank you , sister - in - law 
Ask Aunt Ji if she still has time at the end of July and beginning of August . My colleague wants to hire a [ maternity nanny | month nanny ] 
She 's been booked until October 
Oh , ok 
I also want to renew , but it wo n't work if there 's a contract .
How many months are you now ? 
Forty days 
If Aunt Ji ca n't be renewed , you can find a babysitter from [ Elder Sister Sunshine | Yangguangdajie ] 
That one is cheap 
Yeah , thanks 
Are you there , is work busy ? 
I ’m here , it ’s OK 
This week I ’m a bit busy 
Really , what job do you do ? 
Accountant 
Oh , oh 
I do n’t understand that very well 
Haha , it ’s working with the computer [ smiley ] 
Mm , mm I knew that 
Where do you work ? 
In Wuchang 
I can 
It ’s the best to send it to me by QQ 
Hello .
After it is stamped 
Can you fax it ? 
Um , that can be done , too 
Because scanning ca n’t be done for the time being 
Therefore , it will be best if you fax it 
Fax it over 
OK 
All right 
What about the copy of the business license ? 
Send it over 
Are you there ? 
Yes , I ’m here .
What have you been busy with lately ? 
Read and go to class .
Take care of the child .
I also plan on being a teacher at the Confucius College .
Oh , are you going overseas ? 
That ’s great ! 
Therefore , I still =need to cope with the examination at Hanban as well as the Putonghua proficiency test .
Oh , if it works out , where do you plan on going ? 
I want to go out to experience a bit and collect data to write my thesis .
The Confucius College that our school collaborates with the University of Aberdeen in Scotland .
It ’s a harsh place .
Oh , I hope your sweet dream comes true ! 
You ’re better ! 
I ’m still perturbed .
I have a comfortable life but I insist on looking for hardships .
My biggest failure and regret now is that I did not meet a marriage partner whom I liked then .
It ’s not late to meet one now .
Otherwise , my situation would be greatly different if I had a strong backing .
It ’s okay as long as you are not overly critical .
That said , I ’m still suffering after all .
Do you have many opportunities to go overseas ? 
I can make do with anything , only relationship this thing I ca n’t make do .
You ’re practical .
We have opportunities but my biggest wish now is still to get a PhD first .
You can study it overseas , too .
When will you get married ? 
After that , I want to stay in the United States for a while .
Getting married ? I ’m prepared to get married anytime .
Your girlfriend disagrees ? 
Only that I ’m not sure if the other person is prepared to get married .
Propose 
Create some romance .
Girls who are born in the 1970s are a little too old for me while those born in the 1980s are generally immature .
Your current girlfriend was =born in the 1980s .
I ’m actually romantic . I do n’t lack this gene . It only depends on the time / location .
Hehe , I should say that I like a partner who was born in the 1980s . I want to take good care of her in all aspects . However , if she wants to continue to have fun , then I ca n’t afford it .
That ’s right . Step up your effort .
Meanwhile , the girl whom I like is in the prime of her life . She has a lot of choices ! 
However , if she wants to meet someone who is truly good to her , then it ’s hard to say .
It all depends on a person ’s good fortune .
[ What ’s done ca n’t be undone │ the rice is cooked ] .
Um , I still want to try my best .
That ’s part of the effort .
In Shanghai , she is the only girl up until now who makes me think that I want to end my singles status .
It ’s torture ! 
I think it is time to end my wandering life . After that , I will put more energy onto work and start again .
Send me a picture to admire . Do you have any ? 
All the waiting and torture is nothing in order to get true love . However , the saddest part is that there is giving but no results .
Of course I have her picture but now is not the appropriate time .
I need to consider her feelings .
What ’s the big deal if I just take a look ? I wo n’t compete with you . I can also tell her fortune by her face for you .
Having a relationship with someone in the same work unit , even if it ’s unrequited love , I still need to do a good job keeping it a secret from the beginning .
Hehe , even if you were not married , even if you wanted to compete with me , you still would n’t beat me , hehe ! 
Nonsense , it ’s not worth competing for .
Even though we are in the same work unit , our actual time together is not that much . Besides , if the girl knows about the thoughts of the other person , she will have more initiatives . However , I do n’t want her to get arrogant .
That ’s right .
This thing called love ca n’t be snatched even if you want to .
Otherwise , as strong as I am , I would have “ many wives and concubines ” and have 3,000 beauties in my imperial harem a long time ago ! [ expression ] 
Which class are you taking this semester ? 
Comprehensive English 
I did n’t feel anything a few years ago . However , I ’m a bit like Rene Liu lately . I ’ve become a “ marriage-aholic ” .
I understood . There will be more things after getting married . Think about “ Fortress Besieged ” .
Frankly speaking , I want to bring a girl home as soon as possible . It ’s both for the family and for myself .
That ’s for sure . However , fortunately , I ’ve refined my many skills .
Are you now having an unrequited love or ... ? 
I ’m skilled at everything including doing laundry and cooking .
How should I put it ? Even if I ’m having an unrequited love , if I [ take the correct steps │ suit the medicine to the illness ] , I can still win the heart of the beauty .
You still have n’t put the cards on the table ? 
I believe in my gut feeling . She definitely has feelings for me . It ’s only that girls have worries .
That ’s very normal .
I put the cards on the table already .
Oh , that ’s great .
The results that we have to face after putting the cards on the table are that we ’ll either be together or be estranged in the future . I ca n’t say hypocritically that I can continue to be friends with her .
That ’s true .
In fact , all the guys will say that they are willing to be friends with the other person if they are rejected but it is just stalling tactics .
I ’m ready to get married now . It all depends on chance .
Good luck ! 
However , I ’m rather thin - faced sometimes . I ca n’t let go after I fall in love with a person instead .
Agree .
Hehe , thank you . I ’m trying to find an appropriate opportunity to talk to her about this . If she is unwilling , then I ’ll make other plans .
These days , a few girls from jiayuan . com wrote to me . The only thing is that when a man is at his 30s and 40s , he would rather find a younger girl .
My older male cousin found a wife who is 15 years younger than he is after his divorce . They are having a harmonious and happy life .
The wife of my older male cousin even gave him a chubby son .
Do you have class tomorrow ? 
You need to discuss it properly . Settle this matter as soon as possible .
No 
That ’s right .
I do n’t want to lose any more time .
That ’s right 
Talk to her tomorrow . If it does n’t work , then forget about it .
If we can be together , then it will be for a lifetime . Otherwise , we wo n’t be friends . I ’m never the master of playing ambiguity . I ca n’t afford it either .
That ’s correct 
Are you going to talk to her tomorrow already ? You do n’t need to rush either .
Choose an auspicious day 
I want to ask her out to a movie and what not during the “ May Day ” .
You should have coffee .
I moved to somewhere close to where she lives recently . If I can work it out with her , then she does n’t have to rent a place =with people of all shapes and sizes outside by herself .
I ’ve rented a place with three bedrooms and a living room .
When our school moves in a few years , I ’ll buy a big house and set it up all at once .
Then ask her to move in with you and be done with it .
Hehe , I have this thought .
I can take good care of her .
Talk to her . Rent - free .
Actually , the promise that a man at my age makes should be more reliable than those made by young men who were born in the 1980s .
It should be .
A while ago , a woman complained to me in Weibo that when a woman in her prime marries a man as young as she is , the hardships that she experiences in turning him into a man will only be known to herself .
As for me , this step can be skipped .
Hehe .
It wo n’t be so toilsome for the other person .
It ’s because I completed this change independently .
That ’s right .
Of course it ’s rent - free .
I need to go to bed . We ’ll chat next time . I hope you ’ll have good news .
Not only rent - free , I will also provide free meals , O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O , haha .
That ’s great , thank you ! 
I will try my best .
Old Shao , do you still have movies there ? 
Oh , I have an American drama , which is pornographic and violent . Do you want it ? 
Drama ? 
You are not talking about =Spartacus , are you ? 
Yes 
How many episodes are there in the TV series ? 
I only have the third season , which has 10 =episodes 
Do you have a somewhat relaxing movie~~ 
Colombiana 
Have I coped this to you ? 
No~~ 
You can watch it , ha ha~~ 
I will go to your place . Can you help me copy one ? 
This is not bad 
That is better~~ 
Just come 
? 
What happened ? 
I did n't look at the computer just now 
What is it about your signature ? 
Sigh 
Did n't I go to Teacher Zhu a while ago ? 
And then ? 
It was about the Kristeva article . I agreed on it with Teacher Zhu at that time ( Teacher Zhu is also feeling very depressed about this , do n't tell anyone else ) 
Everything was finalized in the discussions and a contract was about to be signed with the publisher 
On the first day , when Teacher Zhu emailed me , things were still fine 
In the morning on the second day , the foreign party emailed Teacher Zhu 
saying it had signed a contract with Nanjing University 
It also asked Nankai to translate what it had previously asked Fudan to translate 
So Teacher Zhu called to ask what was going on 
The other party just said any changes were possible before the formal signing of a contract 
Is n't this ridiculous ? 
Before that , they said they would give Teacher Zhu exclusive authority 
Our publishing house had also already done all the preparation work 
But there 's nothing Teacher Zhu can do . Therefore , I wrote on the signature line to vent a little 
I felt quite depressed then . It happened last week . I had almost forgotten if you did not mention it 
Oh , I see 
Which Teacher Zhu ? 
Your adviser 
Oh 
Sigh 
She was really pissed too 
But there 's nothing she can do . She even feels that she has let me down but it 's not her fault either 
But there 's nothing she can do . She even feels that she has let me down but it 's not her fault either 
It 's a secret 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] [ emoticon ] 
Hello , you are ? Why do we have so many mutual friends ? 
I do n’t know , either , I must have heard of your name somewhere 
Me , too , you are so familiar to me 
Where do you work ? 
I ’m still at school 
In the same school with my team member ? 
Middle School Affiliated to Shandong University ? 
Middle School Affiliated to Shandong University ? 
No. 1 Middle School ? 
I am studying in the university 
… 
Freshman ? 
Sophomore 
Well … … then how come we have so many mutual friends ? 
Did you ever attend Jinan Athletic Meet ? 
Do you know Tornado Tennis ? 
Faint 
I know … … Are you the coach ? 
I have very good relations with Elder Brother Song 
No , Song Xiangjie is my dad … 
Faint 
Right , Elder Brother Song mentioned you before 
Why have you run away … … Are you afraid that I tell you dad you are ditching class and coming on the Internet , LOL LOL 
[ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] I do n’t have any class now~ 
Well 
Is your university in Jinan ? 
Shandong Normal University~ 
Well , a good university 
You dad is very hardworking , he has made great contributions to promoting tennis in Jinan 
LOL , thank you for giving him such a high praise ! 
Hoho , I am just talking the truth 
Why do n’t you practice tennis ? 
I play in my spare time , but I am not a pro [ emoticon ] 
Well , amateur master 
That ’s even more awesome 
I ’m going to criticize you ! 
? 
You are going too far 
How have I offended you ? 
All you have on mind is your own happiness . You do n’t even care about Xiao Liu 
She is spoony and wants a man 
? 
I have introduced two to her =this afternoon , I wished all the best for her whether she succeeds or not 
Totally messed up ? Haha , I am talking about your bridesmaid 
Do you know her ? 
? 
At the National Games , how could I not know her ? She was in the tennis stadium too 
But it ’s true that we have n’t been in touch for a long time 
Have n’t you just got in touch ? 
Hello , you are ? How come we have so many mutual friends ? 
Me ? I 'm Li Li 
I knew , are you from the Administration of Sports ? 
You are ? 
I 'm Wang Qiuguang , from the training base 
Oh 
Why do I feel I have added you before ... 
National Athletic Meet ? 
It seems so 
Are you in the Olympic Sports Center ? 
Yes , I used to 
Well , no wonder 
Where are you working now ? 
Urban Construction Group 
Well ... Awesome 
[ emoticon ] Not that awesome 
Yes , awesome 
I do n't =feel it 
[ It 's just because you have got used to it | It 's just because you are in the mountain so that you can not see its entire view ] 
Which office did you work in at that time ? 
Tired to death , and no holidays 
Tennis stadium 
I know ... I am also certain you were in the tennis stadium 
There are many tennis stadiums , are n't there ? 
It 's that very large office 
Well , were n't you divided into many offices , all responsible for operating tennis games ? 
Right , I am with Sun Xiaoting 
Well , [ Ting Ting | Sun Xiaoting ] , is she still in the Olympic Center , at the ticket selling office ? 
Yes 
We used to be colleagues , now we are no longer in the same unit , but we are all managed by the Sports Bureau 
I know , my elder sister mentioned you 
Faint ... 
Are you younger than her ? 
Right 
Forget it then , I was just going to say I know some good guys 
[ emoticon ] Matchmaking [ emoticon ] 
LOL , you 'll get repaid being a male matchmaker 
[ emoticon ] You do n't know me , how come you have added to as your friend ? 
Friend recommendation , we have many mutual friends 
LOL 
Elder Sister Ting is not old , is she ? 
She is preparing for pregnancy already 
Yet you have just stared preparing for love 
You are far lagged behind 
I was born in 1989 
Well ... Greetings , grandma 
You are so funny 
Then your age gap is too wide , I know two guys , one was born in 1980 and the other in 1981 
Neither is suitable for you 
Well , the age 
Right 
They are so old , they just want some life companions 
Both are seven or eight years younger than you 
Why do they look for matches so late ? 
[ emoticon ] Seven or eight years older than me 
You are 1989 , and they are 1980 and 1981 , who is older ? 
1989 means the year [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] Nobody talks this way like you 
The 1980 guy is divorced , with good conditions and personality , the divorce was n't his fault , the 1981 guy has never found the proper girl , he kept dating but could not settle down 
Well well ... 
But both are too old for you 
I guess they both have very high standards , do n't they ? 
The 1980 guys does not have high standards , he just wants someone with a good temperament , and no more other requirements 
The 1981 guy has very normal standards , too , nothing special 
The 1981 guy opened a baby swimming pool , I often visit there for free services , LOL 
LOL , how tall are they ? 
Both are over 1.8 meters 
There are some girls in my unit . But some of them are not natives 
The 1980 guy is very handsome , he used to be a swimmer , he has very good stature , fair complexion , only that he is a little bit shy on the outside but wild on the inside 
The 1981 guys is not that handsome , but looks prudent at the first glance . He is also very thoughtful and capable 
Right , both a good 
But both are too old 
This makes me so anxious ' 
I do n't save the least trouble for my parents 
Age is not a problem , LOL 
LOL , pick anyone you like 
Or you can meet them both together , and then simply walk away with the right guy 
[ emoticon ] You do n't even ask anything about me 
Born in 1989 , female 
How complete this information is 
Or shall I book a place and call them both , you can meet one at half past six and the other at seven o'clock 
If you are into the half - past - six guy , I 'll ask the seven - o'clock guy not to show up 
[ emoticon ] You are so kidding , this is not grocery shopping 
I thought you fainted out of excitement 
This is normal , saving time for all , it 's an efficient society now 
LOL , I was a bit busy just now 
It 's too fast paced 
Well well , we can slow down a bit then , half past six and half past seven , with an hour 's interval , OK ? 
I prefer QQ talk before face - to - face meeting [ emoticon ] 
Which one are you into , or should I give you both ? 
Are you OK with nine years ' gap ? 
So hardcore [ emoticon ] 
(( I 'll introduce someone to them )) 
LOL 
I know a 27 - year - old girl 
Oh , you astonished me 
I feel that age is not the problem . Within 10 years 
I thought you would n't even let go of uncles 
Men are mature later than women 
This I agree with you 
What 's the profile of the 27 - year - old girl , brief me 
162 cm high . Not a native 
Good temperament 
Anyone from Jinan ? 
Where is her home , is it far ? 
Zaozhuang 
Well 
Do you know anyone from Jinan , do n't you know several girls ? 
Non-native girls will not work out , I guess , they are all so peacockish 
Jinan girl born in 1990 
Even younger than you ... 
Right 
Then I can only solemnly introduce you to them 
Extremely unconfident ... guy that ca n't be helped 
They will be immediately frightened into paralysis after seeing you QQ level 
=Oh my God 
[ emoticon ] It 's the first time I have met a matchmaker like you 
[ picture ] Just this picture 
Why do n't they attend any matchmaking meeting ? 
I have no idea , busy , I guess 
Well , career comes first 
LOL 
OK , I 'm busy now 
Right 
Go busy yourself 
I 'll consider it 
If it 's OK , then it 's OK . If it 's not , make it OK .
Wrong , OK is OK . If it 's not OK , forget it .
LOL , which one is this ? 
It 's the 1981 guy that I told you , but actually he was born in 1980 
Extremely unconfident 1981 guy ? 
Right , actually he was born in 1980 , OK , in order to differentiate them , we 'll just call him the 1981 guy 
LOL , how does he look ? 
Let me look for his photos 
Quite ordinary 
I do n't like handsome guys . Send them to me [ emoticon ] 
He served in the army ? 
An officer ? 
[ picture ] Did you stay in the army ? 
Retired marine 
Ah ? You really did ? 
My bad 
Really 
He did n't , he is just a military addictive ... that 's all 
[ picture ] This is his face 
Does not look =like 1981 at all 
Feels so young 
1980 ... 1981 is just his code 
What does he do ? 
He owns a baby swimming pool 
He says he wants to franchise , but now he 's got only one shop and no branches at all 
Well , a boss 
A small boss 
Talk about me 
Are you into him ? 
You can ask more from Sister Ting 
The requirement is not high , he should have found one already 
We are a good match 
Not so suitable ... you do n't look like a couple 
... 
I 'll find you another one 
Introduce to me when you have proper guys [ emoticon ] 
Will you consider divorced guys ? 
No 
... Very good guy , he had no other alternative but divorce 
This one is good 
What did I say ? 
My family wo n't agree 
... 
I went to Ting Ting 's wedding ceremony 
I just saw it 
I was the bridesmaid 
How come I do n't have any impression at all 
Alas , I have regressed after marriage , I used to have a strongly retentive memory about beautiful girls 
The bride was the center 
Ting Ting was really bold to ask you to be her bridesmaid 
[ emoticon ] =What ? 
You look like a perfect match with the 1981 guy 
Yet you say you do n't like handsome guys , then why do you say " good " when you see a handsome one ? 
This one is n't handsome , is he ? 
I like mature guys 
Very handsome , with good stature 
1981 is mature 
We 'll chat later , my leader is coming , I am really busy 
Okie Dokie 
(( Hello )) 
Go busy yourself 
Morning 
Morning 
Have you made your decision after a whole night 's consideration ? Which one would you marry ? 
I forgot 
How could you forget such an important event ! 
The face of 1981 is not my type 
And my parents can not accept 1980 
=WOW~ 
My younger brother was born in 1991 , a cynical young man , what do you think ? 
... The 90s generation , well ... I want someone older than me , not younger 
Then I really do n't have any one suitable ... I have racked out my brains 
[ emoticon ] Introduce to me when you have proper guys 
There wo n't be any in a while ... the younger guys have n't grown up , and the older ones are n't divorced yet ... 
LOL 
Forget about the divorced 
I have a colleague and a classmate , both are not young and still single , but they are both about 165 cm high , really not so presentable 
Added together , they are still not taller than me 
Well ... I am 172 cm high 
Therefore I was not planning to tell you 
[ emoticon ] So full of energy 
Well ... 
I am young 
I am old , I will almost lose consciousness if I do not go to sleep at 10:30 pm 
[ emoticon ] You are 33 
Right , you become old after you get 30 
Cherish your time , =young man 
Striving and struggling [ emoticon ] 
When I was your age , I could sleep even longer , I could go to bed when it gets dark and get up when it 's broad daylight , I did n't dream walk , dream talk , or even go to the toilet 
Of course , I was full of energy when I was not sleepy 
LOL , you are so funny . I did n't see you so talkative like this before 
Before ... Did you ever talk to me before ? 
Uncles are always shy on the outside but wild on the inside 
Yes . We talked before ... but about work only 
Well , could you stand it when people talk to you like this during work ? ! 
You do n't talk to your colleagues like this .... 
With a =poker face 
Somewhat serious 
LOL , I am nervous when I see beautiful girls 
I really admire those who get up at a little past six o'clock 
I got up at six o'clock 
Ca n't you sleep ? Or are you really diligent ? 
[ emoticon ] I could n't sleep the night before yesterday 
I pulled myself out of bed today 
Get up early for exercise , very good 
Spring has come , the weather gets warmer and flowers are in full bloom , although the feeling of spring comes when it 's almost summer , it 's still very good 
Do more sports now that spring has come , I also want to cycle , play some ball games , and go swimming 
You 'd better stay home and look after the kid 
Exercise is equally important as looking after the kid 
Without a healthy body , how do I have the energy to take care of the kid ? 
LOL 
You can walk to work 
My company is very near my home , it 's only 20 minutes ' walk , walking hardly has any effects 
Go swimming 
Right , I am too far away from the Olympic Sports Center , so I 'm preparing to buy a bicycle , LOL 
I need to buy one with a super weight bearing ability , like a tank 
You do n't even need to swim , just ride there and then back 
Ride there , soak in the water for a while , and then ride back 
I would not have the energy to swim anyway 
After the festival , we will have a new guy here , a postgraduate who passed the enrollment exam , he belongs to the staff of government affiliated institutions , I 'll ask for more information for you 
The true man has n't showed up yet 
OK , thanks for the trouble 
I saw Elder Sister Ting Ting yesterday , and we talked about you 
LOL 
Is Elder Sister Ting thinner ? 
Forget it . Do n't answer me 
Why ? 
I have figured out the answer already 
Tell her I will soon be there for swimming and badminton 
Ask her to prepare for the treat 
Really ? 
Are you walking there ? 
... Walking will wear out my shoes 
I 'll ride a bicycle 
=And you would break it 
Top - grade bicycle , they say its weight bearing capacity is up to 300 KG 
Really ? 
Do you need a loader ? LOL 
Well ... You become excited whenever it comes to your scope of business 
I feel that only those within my scope of business can stand your torture 
Not that exaggerating , LOL LOL , I will become thinner every day 
Until I become as thin as a lightning , and glaring you to complete blindness with my nice stature ... 
Everybody is saying this 
=Oh my God 
I was just thinking of changing my signature 
The moment you send it over 
Do not plagiarize 
The original version is mine 
=Really ? 
Did you pay the copyright tax ? 
There 's no that emoticon if you log in on the computer 
Therefore I was delayed 
So you turned into a fat wallnut , right ? 
You are smashed potato 
[ picture ] What is this ? 
You fat guys do n't know the language of the Country of Thin Guys .
Stop the crap , we are in the same country , OK ? 
I am just a little bit too much over the standard 
(( Coo~~)) ( ' ﹏ ' ) b May I ask about your waist circumference ? 
Do you think a little over is not over ? 
It depends on the percentage 
I am high 
[ emoticon ] In my impression , at least 33 inches 
You are a short fatty , and I am a tall fatty 
NONONO 
You are a mountain 
Have you ever played Plants vs Zombies , you are a walnut , and I am the upgraded walnut , this is the only difference between us 
WOW 
You are so fasionable 
Right , I have upgraded to the latest version 
LOL 
You version is too old 
I do n't play that game 
I 'll stop chatting and prepare for the meeting 
The leader is a bit cloudy 
OK , do you think you are the Queen of Heaven , convening a meeting whenever the sky is cloudy ? 
OMG 
OMG is not my name , thank you 
I hate meetings 
Right , I 'll criticize Thunder God and Lightning Goddess and tell them not to scare people any more , if the scare my daughter I 'll go settling accounts with them 
Baby Ou ? 
Well said ! 
[ emoticon ] I 'll go preparing for the meeting 
You and my daughter have the same position in the family hierarchy 
Talk to you later 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Enjoy your meeting 
[ picture ] LOL 
That [ maternity nanny | month nanny ] of mine is already booked until October 
[ Picture ] So popular 
Really hard to find one now 
I 've applied to so many now . None made an appointment 
You looked too late 
At that time when I was four months pregnant I already found one 
You have such foresight 
It 's really too hard to find one now 
It 's all like this now 
Um .. Keep looking for one [ emoticon ] 
Address : 50 Houzao Village , Tingluo Town , Lijin County , Dongying City , Shandong Province , school : Binzhou University , date of graduation : 7-1-2012 , major : Information Management and Information System 
Received 
OK 
League member or Party member ? 
League member 
Is Gao Qing there ? 
No , 
Again tomorrow 
Oh 
Make a telephone call 
Identity card valid till ? 
OK 
It seems that I heard you talking about changing your cellphone last time . Have you changed it ? 
Offline again ? 
I 'm here 
What cellphone changing ? 
Did n't you talk about changing your cellphone ? What cellphone have you changed to ? 
IPhone 5 
What 's up ? 
How is it ? 
Pretty good 
I am used to it now 
I was n't used to it at first 
Apple 's screen is just too small 
Do you also want to change your cellphone ? 
A bit of bother to operate it , right ? 
The current Samsung one 's big screen is also pretty good 
My wife wants to change hers 
It 's no bother 
It 's easy to use once you get used to it 
The current Samsung one is also pretty good 
Sometimes when you watch video , you feel uncomfortable with a small screen 
When I just started to use IPhone , I felt a bit unaccustomed to it 
Moreover , the price was also expensive and not cost - effective 
Looking at online reviews , Samsung is not as good as Apple 
I am used to Apple now ; it is indeed pretty good 
I was very much unaccustomed to it at first 
Currently , it 's even less than 5,000 for the 5 , right ? 
I do n't know 
Just 2,500 for the 4 
This cheap ? 
Yes 
The screen is bigger on the 5 
If you want to buy , just buy the 5 
The screen on the 4 is too small 
The 5's is =not much bigger , either 
Much bigger , really 
What 's the use of still buying a 4 ? 
Meaningless 
Either buy IPhone 5 , or Samsung or HTC 
These cellphones are all pretty good 
Then I am considering Samsung 
The HTC one of my colleague next to me just broke down 
I 'm not considering it 
Samsung is also pretty good 
High performance cost ratio 
It 's not worth spending that much money buying Apple 
if you are not into some sort of fashion 
I see the 5 online is just the 4.0 inch one 
Yes 
The screen is still not big 
Not cost - effective 
Hmm 
Buying a Samsung one can save a bit [ emoticon ] 
Yes 
I 'm getting offline . I have a class in the next period , and I do n't know whether I have to do it in person 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Are you in the United States ? 
Oh , oh 
Where in the United States ? 
I reckon I ’ll go there to study as well 
Oh 
I have n’t decided yet 
I ’m applying for it . Are you studying for PhD ? 
Hehe , I ’m sorry . I had business to take care of in the morning . I was out 
That ’s right 
I ’m studying for a doctoral program 
Happy weekend 
How are you getting on lately ? 
I ’m used to the life in Hong Kong now 
I ’ve been working hard learning Cantonese lately : - ) 
Oh !! That ’s great then ! 
Oh 
Is it =difficult ? 
Oh 
I think it ’s difficult 
That ’s why I ’m watching TVB 
Hong Kong likes to produce television shows about lawsuits 
Their legal awareness is very strong 
That ’s right 
I ’ve watched Friendly Fire 
I particularly liked the male and female leading roles in it 
I feel that the attitude and concepts of life of the female leading role are especially modern and especially independent 
Have you seen this one ? 
No 
I mainly watch the news 
What about you ? How have you been lately ? : - ) 
What plan do you have for the summer holidays ? 
I will probably go to Philadelphia and New York that area in May 
What about you ? What plan do you have for the summer holidays ? 
I plan on writing the thesis in the summer holidays as well 
I need to do a confirmation defense after the summer holidays 
Are you coming back this year ? 
What kind of =confirmation ? 
I plan on returning at Christmas 
That is writing a proposal halfway through my studies 
It ’s probably a draft for the thesis 
British schools all have this thing 
Oh ! I understand it now 
What do you think about studying for PhD in the United States ? 
That ’s right . You said that you like the life in Hong Kong very much now 
You want to go into business afterwards , right ? I remember that you had this plan before : - ) 
The advantage of Hong Kong =is that =it is very prosperous . Eating is very convenient and it has everything you want to buy . It is actually similar to China 
Oh , the life of being a doctoral student is generally rather peaceful . It feels very good now 
That ’s right 
It ’s like coming from Hubei to Guangdong 
Wow .. 
That ’s great 
It ’s better than here .. 
There is nothing good to eat here 
Hey , make it yourself 
I ’ll cook some seafood sometimes . It ’s very cheap and very easy 
I ’ll also study for PhD 
However , I have n’t decided on where and what to study . Oh , take one step at a time 
Really ? 
Then , do you need to apply soon ? 
I planned on working in the business field after graduation before . I have the same thought now 
Right 
I like warm city like Hong Kong . : - ) 
I ’m thinking about University of Hawaii that type of college . It ’s very enjoyable . Haha , so yy 
That ’s right . It ’s beautiful there !! 
Unfortunately , I have n’t been there to see it yet 
Haha 
When do you want to graduate ? 
Perhaps next August 
I hope that it will be on schedule , hehe 
Um , that ’s great ! 
I really hope to see you at Christmas 
Do you still feel any cultural shock in Hong Kong ? 
Oh , same with me ! 
I ’m so looking forward to it ! 
A little 
People in Hong Kong are somewhat different from the ones in China 
Oh , I feel the same here ! 
Are the few words you said above the Christian Bible ? 
It feels so familiar . [ image ] 
Hehe , that ’s right , that ’s right 
Put it there if you like it very much 
Will you write something ? 
I do n’t write 
Hey , I do n’t have any literary gene 
I ca n’t write , haha 
It seems that everything that I consider is very business - oriented . It ’s not personal insights so I do n’t write them , haha . People wo n’t read it either 
Faint .... 
Oh , =business is very interesting 
Haha , =but I plan on writing a little 
I want to be in touch again if we have the opportunity in the future 
It ’s because it seems that I do n’t know what the friends from before are doing 
Yes ! 
If I do n’t write anything , I truly do n’t know what they are doing 
Let me know if you write something 
Right , that is my original intention as well 
Haha , great . I seldom use the My Classmates at renren . com anymore . I plan on using My Space and facebook in the future 
That ’s great ! 
I also like keeping in good health now 
Haha , it ’s white fungus today 
I contacted Hot yoga recently 
The indoor air conditioner in Hong Kong is very low . Thus , the temperature is high and it ’s very comfortable 
Wow , you ’re really enjoying life ! 
That ’s great 
Is the PhD life peaceful ? 
If the life is peaceful 
Then enjoy a bit 
Hehe , junyi , it ’s a little late . I ’ll go to bed first . We ’ll chat later 
Sigh 
You did it on purpose 
What 's wrong ? 
Unfortunately , I caught it 
Haha 
I have n't left yet 
There might be a lunch banquet at noon . Did n't contact you 
Pah 
Excuses 
Really 
Drawing circles to put a curse on you 
Damn 
Was just about to praise you for recovering nicely after giving birth 
Your true nature has been exposed 
Actually , my recovery is quite good without you saying so . It 's a fact 
Must pass it on to Dong Liang when you go back 
Pass on what ? 
I 'm thinner 
[ What 's that got to do | Has a half - mao relation ] with Dong Liang ? 
He always calls me fatty now 
Furthermore , let it be known I wo n't go back to being thin 
Actually , I think you being thin is just temporary 
Must be honest and kind to be a good person 
Will bounce back very soon , right fatty ? 
Says who ? I have slimmed down to this now from over 180 jin . Was it easy for me ? 
So it will be easy to bounce back 
Says who ? I was thin before , alright ? 
I have experience with this 
So there is room for improvement 
You 're robust , not fat 
You see how kind and honest I am ? 
Curse me ? Still drawing circles ? 
Dizzy 
Will come over again during the beginning of May 
Postpone it 
Haha 
Bitter woman 
Booked , May 10th 
You ca n't indiscriminately toss the usage for " bitter woman " around 
Did n't you draw a circle and curse me ? 
Saw the bus leave . Did n't catch it 
Oh yay , I succeeded 
Teacher , I 've sent you the data . Take a look , I did some summing up 
Hmm , OK 
I 'll send you a copy after I 'm done sorting it out . You have been working hard and did quite a few experiments 
Hehe , actually , my framework for my final Master 's thesis is just like this as well 
I 'm off to bed , and will sort it out and send it to you tomorrow 
I wo n't be able to finish today 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
OK , you 've been working hard , Teacher , [ bye - bye | 88 ] 
Good night 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Hui Rui , are you there ? 
Tell me when it is convenient for you , I 'll give you a call 
Hui Rui , are you there ? 
I have classes and exams on the morning of May 2nd and 3rd 
I 'm free until May 1st . Usually I 'll be in self - study session and will go back to the dorm after 9 p.m. If the timing is right , we can save money by using qq Voice Chat .
How about 9:30 a.m. on May 1st , Beijing time ? Let 's use qq Voice Chat .
File receiving failed … 
Hu Rui , I 'll call you at 10 p.m. , your time 
It is 11 p.m. now … 
Send me a copy of that file again , offline receiving failed 
OK 
In that case , make it 10 p.m. on the =2nd 
I was confused by the time difference 
Is that just tomorrow ? 
OK 
How many days off do you have for Labor Day ? 
In that case , make it 10 p.m. , Beijing time , tomorrow . Phone or qq Voice Chat ? Will international long - distance calls be very expensive ? 
April 29th and 30th , and also May 1st 
Three days off 
School starts tomorrow 
International long - distance calls are not very expensive , but the call quality is not very good 
The day after tomorrow , it 's still April 30th now 
We 'll see how it goes =then 
In that case , I 'll call you on the evening of May 1st 
OK .
OK .
Send me =again the file you sent earlier , I could n't receive it … 
OK 
It should be night time there on your end , right ? 
Yes , it is 
What happened to you and Xuelian ? I asked her but she did n’t tell me anything 
Are n’t you two doing well ? 
It was because I asked her last time when you two will get married and she did n’t reply .
I ’m worried if I had said something wrong 
Just pretend that nothing has happened . Do n’t ask her about this =again 
Did you bully her ? 
This is my problem . Please pretend that nothing has happened in the future .
Haha , thank you . Then , I wo n’t say the wrong thing in the future ! 
I sincerely hope that you two will do well 
When I saw you two doing so well together before , it gave people the impression that you were very happy 
If you can get hold of happiness , do n’t let it slip away 
I ’ve talked out of place today 
=Dear 
You can go to Taobao to confirm your acceptance of the purchase 
And write some positive comment for us 
Haha 
o 
I will go after finishing the work on my hand 
Hehe 
Dear , help me have a look at the white shirt 
If you have any time 
I ask Sasa to help me have a look 
She can choose the good - looking ones for you 
Oh , so it is 
She said 
Well , expecting , hahahaha 
Yep 
Hehe 
Sasa said she has n’t find any style suitable for you 
So you got to have a look in special stores 
Em , believe in Sasa 
She said you should grow your hair 
How long 
Anyhow longer than now 
She said you look older with short hair 
OK , I will try 
This does n’t depends on what I say [ emotion ] 
Hahahaha 
I know this 
To Youth ? ??? 
When will it be ? 
Perhaps in the weekend . I need a rest these two days 
I got to work hard 
Pass the medium level , lose weight , 
Have you registered for the medium level ? 
Leave the books for me after you pass it 
Hehe 
I have n’t succeeded in registration 
Wait for the notice 
So 
Hi , dear , have been in the meeting for the whole morning 
Manager 
Nothing happened to the company , right ? 
Nothing 
Is Number One back yet ? 
He is back 
Did you file a loss report ? 
I ’m ready to go apply for the ID card now 
I filed a verbal loss report for everything when I lost the bank card two days ago 
=Um , nothing has happened yet .
I ca n’t apply for anything without the ID card 
That ’s right .
I ’ll go to the bank to apply for a temporary one later .
Did you get a replacement mobile phone card ? 
I stopped the phone service already 
I ca n’t get a replacement without the ID card 
I ’ll apply for a temporary ID card first and then apply for a permanent one 
I ’ll use the temporary one to reapply for these services 
Ai , I ’m very depressed 
Okay .
Hurry it up then 
Okay .
They have all started working already 
Right 
Have you started work ? 
Yes 
The May 1st holiday goes so fast … 
Yes 
But the day after tomorrow is another off - duty day 
LOL , yes , asking for leave is really a good chance now 
You can rest for one week , it ’s like paid holiday 
Hoho , off - duty is all over your mind 
Of course , who does n’t like to take a couple of days off ? 
Have you read the materials ? 
I ’m on it 
I am going to the meeting 
The project of Jiang Dong Group will start booking tomorrow , what ’s on your mind ? 
Elder Brother Wang 
Yes ? 
When will you be free today ? 
Let ’s meet and know each other 
I am a little bit busy today 
The product of Jiang Dong Group I sent you the other day will start seckilling tomorrow , what ’s on your mind ? 
You are acting too fast 
I am still considering , besides , my fund has n’t been withdrawn yet 
LOL 
When will your fund be in position , let me know so that I can choose a product for you 
I have n’t decided to invest in trust yet , I will consider withdrawing my fund after I have made my decision 
What are you major concerns , then ? 
Reliability , speed , revenue ratio , etc. 
Do n’t rush 
You seem to be in a great hurry … 
No 
I just want to communicate with you , that ’s all 
OK , wait when I have time 
I want note3 ! 
It 's not come into the market yet 
I want it ... 
It 's said that it has a 6.3 - inch screen 
Just wait 
It must be so expensive when it just comes into the market 
Price of note2 has dropped a lot 
Do you have any friend who processes 3G ? Help me to publicize , want to use the newest and best , you need to have mental preparation 
What 's 3G ? Number or service ? 
Number 
You can also deposit call credit and be given a phone 
Oh , I need to ask 
You are such a big leader and you still have sales quest ? 
Does your batch almost expire ? 
They will expire until next July 
Not this year 
Oh , no one who uses Unicom can escape by sheer luck , no direct quest , I need to undertake whole center 's quest 
I want it be this year 
Right , it 's three - year 
What are you afraid of for the whole quest ? Let the person who sells more to undertake more 
The key point is that it is not sold well 
Is n’t your birthday May 4th ? 
Why is it the 6th now ? 
Right~ I was born on May 4th , but it was May 6th on my ID , so people often get confused , but it ’s all right . I usually do not celebrate my birthday , haha , I will choose either date if I want to celebrate my birthday .
If I celebrate both days , I will have two cakes [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] We ’ll make it up for you when Guo Cong comes back , but I have to do a tooth extraction in the afternoon of the 6th . I guess I ’m going to pass out for one night 
Orthodontic treatment 
I need to pull out two upper teeth 
I have had one pulled out , and the pain was killing me 
Orthodontic treatment … 
It ’s just wearing tooth braces 
Hello . Are you the incoming PHD that will join our department ? 
Yes , hello Lin =Kai , Profession Ivan Sun has introduced you to me , it ’s very nice to meet you .
It ’s this Kai in my name .
Last time I got confused by Teacher Sun . He said you are from Xiamen University , and then from UPENN . I thought you were a visiting scholar 
Great . We have another Chinese student in our department 
Really ? Hello Lin Kai , it ’s very nice to get in contact with you . How are you doing in Delaware ? 
Because Professor Sun is also Taiwan native , right ? 
He is still a Taiwanese now 
He also reads simplified Chinese . But he usually types traditional Chinese 
Delaware is OK . It ’s not far from Philadelphia . And there are trains to Philadelphia .
You can take the megabus on weekends 
Yes , I am quite familiar with megabus , the often offer one dollar ticket , right ? [ emoticon ] Do you often to go to Philadelphia , New York and Washington DC ? 
Not often … 
I have many courses 
Yes , I can imagine that . Then can you still handle it ? Is there anything difficult ? 
Have you already got the master ’s degree at UPENN ? Their program should be similar to what we have here , right ? 
yes , I am a master at UPENN , I have also seen the program of UD and there are indeed some similarities , what ’s good about both is they emphasize research methodology . Statistics occupy a certain percentage 
Right , do we have many Chinese classmates in our department ? 
Not many … 
You are the second 
In fact , there are only three international students plus you and me . The third one is from Britain 
WOW !!!So you are my senior !!!Nice to meet you !! 
Do n’t say this … 
Anyway come to me if you have any questions 
About housing … I am waiting for your instruction , I ’m all ears 
Although I do n’t have a car … some friends will routinely take me to go grocery shopping , I can count you in 
As for housing 
Yes , I might buy a car after I go there , if you hear anyone is buying a car , could you tell me ? 
Are you talking about selling a car ? 
This Yahoo group is about house rent 
Most members are Chinese 
Buying a car 
Actually some students in the department are also looking for roommates 
IYO are the conditions of the house good ? [ emoticon ] 
It depends .
If it ’s a house , then it ’s hard to say 
However apartments are usually standardized 
OK !!Living with students in the same department is really good . Is it convenient for you to introduce someone to me ? I am willing to keep in touch with them 
It seems that one house is looking for a tenant 
But ? 
A house is usually shared by several people 
Maybe four 
Boys and girls . This is not a problem . The point is you may affect each other sometimes 
If you want to concentrate on your studies , I suggest you rent an apartment with another person 
I am sorry ; I was just reply to an email . Yes , this is exactly what I mean , I want to find a roommate so we two can live together 
Regarding current students in our department , only one house is looking for a roommate as far as I know . You can try new students and see if they ( mostly girls ) are looking for roommates .
You can contact Linda Keen ( Department Secretary ) about their contact methods 
Did you read your bachelor in Xiamen University ? 
Yes 
LOL . Teacher Sun did not make it clear last time , so I thought you were in Xiamen . And I said I could visit you when I go home . I live in Shantou .
Well , really ? ? So you are a Fujian native ? [ emoticon ] I thought you were a classmate from Guangdong 
[ emoticon ] Shantou is in Guangdong 
Oh … … Sorry … … I was wrong , Shanwei is in Fujian , forgive me [ emoticon ] 
Shanwei is also in Guangdong … LOL 
Well , I am currently in Beijing , and I read my bachelor courses in Xiamen University . Did you also read your bachelor courses in Guangdong ? 
Right . I was in GDUFS .
LOL , this is exactly what I mean , both Shantou and Shanwei are in Guangdong , so I thought you came from Guangdong [ emoticon ] 
How did you know all new students are girls ? 
Because almost all US students have a campus visit 
And they are mostly girls 
Oh , right , there was a campus visit but I missed it 
But later I heard there were boys 
Right ? 
Newark is a very comfy town 
University town 
But it is far from being splendid . If you want to buy a car , it is fun . There are many large cities around .
[ emoticon ] Right , do you have another year here ? 
Right . I am at my first year of master courses .
Then are you returning to China on the summer vacation ? 
Yes . Because I have no funding in summer 
The money for apartment rental and staying here is enough for me to buy round - trip flight tickets 
Oh , do you also have funding for master ’s degree ? 
Right 
Everyone has got funding 
This Master program is basically together with PHD . If you do n’t make any huge mistakes in the master period , you can continue to read the PHD 
That ’s really nice . I would still ask for your advice when I am looking for the house then [ emoticon ] 
Yes , the project is really good .
Right right . If you think there are suitable apartments you can send the information to me . I will help you check whether the location is good .
OK , thank you so much then~ 
Do n’t be so polite 
Right on that Yahoo group ? 
That Yahoo group is visited by overseas Chinese students mostly 
You can also visit UD classifieds 
How do I go there ? 
You can directly google this 
But you need to open you email before you log on 
OK 
You can also visit craigslist 
OK 
By the way , may I ask how you feel about Professor Susan Miller ? Can you make an introduction ? 
Many people should be subleasing their houses 
I found the house I am living in at craigslist 
OK . Then do you know anyone who is subleasing ? Also on the Chinese group in Yahoo ? 
It ’s actually like this 
There will be a visiting scholar to our department in the summer vacation 
For one year 
Doctor graduated from Department of Sociology of Xiamen University , and currently teaching at Huaqiao University 
She has taken over Li Qian ’s lease . It is in a nice apartment 
I know it ! I wanted to rent Li Qian ’s house , but I already know the information you are telling me 
But there is another room in that house 
It should be OK if you want to live there 
How many are living in Li Qian ’s apartment ? 
It has two bedrooms and one study room . They have also leased the study room . You can choose not to lease it . But the bad thing is she is taking her kid with her 
Right … … you considerations are very comprehensive , I want to rent the house in the summer vacation , is that OK ? 
So you probably want to come here and make the decision after visiting the site ? 
But houses will be in short supply then 
I will go there earlier , for example , at the end of July 
You might need to be come earlier than this 
Because of the TA training 
Are you going to be the TA ? 
Last year the TA training started in middle July .
What !!!! 
It ’s really so nice and so necessary to know you ! 
Usually you need to attend the TA training . So now you can think about booking the flight ticket .
I arrived here on July 5th last year 
I still have n’t got anything yet !! 
OK , I know , I ’ll hurry .
Thank you . I could really use your help these days 
It ’s OK . I may not have returned when you arrive , but Li Qian will be here . Feel free to contact her if you have any questions .
OK . You are both very good classmates .
I am thinking although you are buying a car immediately , living in an apartment that is near the school in the first year is good 
Has Teacher Miller ever taught you ? 
No. But she ’s got a good reputation .
Actually I am reading sociology , not criminology .
So I should not have the chance of attending her class .
Oh , so it is . What does Professor Sun teach ? 
He teaches criminal and judicial systems 
He is mainly concerned with the part of the police 
Well~ yes 
What is your own interest ? 
Did you apply for criminology ? 
Although the difference is not big . You can transfer between them anyway . They are all in one department 
You should have learned statistics back in UPENN , right ? 
Statistics and research methodology 
You can find out your syllabus and send it to Susan Miller 
She is the chairman of Graduate Policy Committee 
Tell her that you have already taken this course , and ask whether it can be exempted 
This is not really in a hurry , but never ever delay it until the semester begins 
Why ? 
I am thanking you for reminding me , I am intending to transfer my credits here 
Because there are some formalities that may take some time 
Anyway the earlier the better 
Have you studied theoretical criminology ? 
But you can also discuss with Teacher Sun about it . Ask for his opinion , and then decide when to contact Susan 
Yes , I ’ve studied criminology theory before . What shall I discuss with Professor Sun ? Transferring credits ? 
Right 
Because next semester we have the theoretical criminology class 
If you can not transfer your credits here , you need to read it again . That is a compulsory course for the qualification exam of criminology PHD 
If you successfully make it into the PHD project from the master , does that shorten your study period by one year ? 
Right 
OK , I see . I will contact about all matters asap , hope to meet you in Delaware .
Right right . [ emoticon ] 
By the way , by the way , the airport nearest to us is the Philadelphia Airport , right ? 
Yes . But you do n’t really need to fly to Philadelphia . You can also fly to Newark NJ , and then take Amtrak at the airport , which take you here directly .
If I arrive in June and then book houses in August , would it be too rush ? 
Depends on which is cheaper 
Right , I ’ll still fly to Philadelphia then … … It costs the same taking Amtrak 
Not necessarily . It costs about 46 dollars 
It depends on your time 
Well , so it is , thank you 
It ’s OK . As for the house , it is not late if you come and see it in July 
Could you please tell me the zip code !! 
19711 
What is your English name ? Or do you go by you Chinese name ? 
Right , Lu Ye 
May I know your English name ? 
LOL , OK . I can introduce you to the others in the beginning .
WOW , you already have your own group~~ ?? So warm ? 
Students in our department are getting along quite well . Because there are not many unnecessary competitions .
Everyone has got funding 
If you are an extravert , it would be easy for you to adapt here , LOL 
[ emoticon ] I will try to become part of the group asap 
No pressure . No pressure , LOL .
OK [ emoticon ] 
Hello , may I know your name ? 
Hello Li Qian , I am Li Luye , Professor Ivan Sun has introduced you to me 
[ emoticon ] Hello , are you coming to UD ? 
I am going to UD for the doctor ’s degree this autumn , I hope you can help me with some of my questions 
Yes , nice to meet you [ emoticon ] 
Doctor of Criminal Justice ? 
Yes 
Awesome ! [ Emoticon ] 
You are so polite , you are in UD already , why do you still say I am awesome ? [ emoticon ] 
Which university did you study in back in China ? 
I am just a visiting scholar , I dare not challenge the degrees here 
I got my master ’s degree at UPENN , and my bachelor ’s degree at Northeastern University 
Hoho , so you are a pure overseas returnee 
You are still there before me [ emoticon ] Hope to get more instructions from you 
No wonder , someone who is not a professional , like me , dare not make the challenge ! 
Right , a big [ sea turtle | overseas returnee ] …… 
Do you like Delaware ? Did you travel around in the US ? [ emoticon ] 
Then you are a complete expert about the US , I can not think of anything that I can help you with 
Do n’t be so polite , you know more about the local circumstances , you graduated from the law school , so you are an expert on law issues in China 
So basically I will return to China 
And you will be a professor in the US , LOL 
I would like to know , do I need to buy a car in Delaware ? Are you living in the university or renting a house ? 
Alas , you are so welcome , we are all comrades , and you are over complimenting me , I am trying hard to get the doctor ’s degree first , professor … … I dare not even think about it , I need to work extremely hard … … But doctors in Delaware were quite popular on the market last year 
Of course I am renting a house , who can stand sharing a bedroom with others … 
It ’s very easy to find a house now 
Many houses are for rent in Yahoo group 
Right … … The university should also provide single bedrooms , right ? [ emoticon ] 
So , in your opinion , are houses there of good conditions ? [ emoticon ] 
Oh , how can join the Yahoo group ? Please tell me the link , thank you 
Students here mainly live in four large communities : South Gate , Pinebrook , Studio Green and Fairfield .
Because the school bus passes these places 
Well~~~I see ! Yes , they are really good .
You can google Yahoo group , and register a Yahoo account and then sign in , then search UDCSSA ( seems to be this ? ) and you can see various information released by Chinese overseas students 
IMO houses in Fairfield are older 
But cheaper 
The prices at the first three communities are almost the same 
And I recommend you buy a car 
[ emoticon ] Really ? 
Although you can take the school bus for classes 
But if you want to go shopping for groceries … 
Right ! I think you are giving very good suggestions ! 
So you also cook by yourself there [ emoticon ] , so nice . I can imagine you must have a very good shape 
I am currently living in Studio Green , the conditions of houses in the first three communities are very good 
And by the way , there is a community called Columbia Garden ( seems to be this name ) 
It ’s also a very popular community 
OK , I will find out , thank you really . Are you coming back to Beijing on the summer vacation this year ? 
No , I will finish my visit and return to China on July 31st .
Well , I see , I happen to plan on arriving in Delaware in early August , will anyone take over your lease ? Can I contact the landlord or live in your room temporarily for a while ? 
Of course , please tell me the price and I ’ll make the full payment on time . Is it OK with you ? 
My lease has been taken over by next year ’s visiting scholar of Professor Sun ’s , you can ask Lin Kai , because he is also looking for a house , you can ask him to help you find one by the way 
I will be leaving on July 31st , if you want to live here temporarily , you need to get in touch with that visiting scholar 
Because I would not be here then 
Yes , that ’s really a nice idea , OK , thank you really for telling me such important information . Is Lin Kai a student from Taiwan ? 
He is from the mainland , Guangdong 
Well , so you ’ve got scholars after you . Is this a cooperative project between University of Delaware and CUPL ? 
No , we belong to the state - funded project 
And the next visiting scholar is a teacher at Huaqiao University 
I am still reading my doctor ’s courses 
Well , I see , hope I can have the chance to learn from you in the future . May I ask what your research direction is ? 
Criminology [ emoticon ] 
I may not have anything that you can learn from , let ’s learn from each other .
Unluckily you and I may not be able to meet you .
Yes , I really hope to meet you , too , so I am asking whether you are coming back to Beijing on the summer vacation , but our schedule wo n’t allow us , but I think we would surely have the chance , and I will try to return to Beijing as much as possible 
Are you a Beijing girl ? 
Criminology !! ? ? Then we are studying the same subject !!! We should definitely learn from each other , it is so good to know you 
Oh , no , my hometown is in Hunan , I am in Beijing right now [ emoticon ] 
Hoho , yes , so I am also upon Teacher Sun ’s invitation to come here as visiting scholar 
Oh oh , so is your home in Beijing then ? It ’s similar to me , I was born in Nanjing , Guangxi Province , but I have settled down in Beijing now 
… … sounds like … … Professor Sun has many projects with Beijing ? [ emoticon ] 
UD has a cooperation project with Beijing Normal University 
So Teacher Sun would be a bit busy on it 
WOW , you see , I said we had similar backgrounds 
I am not sure about other projects 
Yes , he has also mentioned this , he is coming to Beijing in May 
Your bachelor and master universities are both very good , awesome , I am basically a second - class student , I just happen to have good luck to come out and widen my horizon this time 
You can meet him in Beijing 
Yes , I have made an appointment with him , we ’ll meet at Beijing Normal University in May . Besides , do n’t say this , it ’s the same whether you are in China or the US , not to mention that China ’s development has attracted the attention of the entire world , all other countries are looking at China and eager to spot their opportunities 
I have stayed in China for long so I am quite used to it , now I am just waiting for returning after the visit is over , hoho 
Cheer up , I hear that it is very difficult to qualify , but I believe you will definitely be OK ! 
I need to send my transcript , so please excuse me , I really appreciate the information you provide . Hope we can keep in touch . You should also rest early 
I know it is very difficult to qualify !!! 
OK , bye - bye~ 
Hearing you say this makes me more sure about it !!! 
Lin Kai told me it is very difficult 
So I feel it is really difficult 
But nothing is difficult in this world as long as you work hard 
Right , I really believe what you said . So you see , it ’s very difficult for us to get a doctor ’s degree in the US~~~ ! I should work much harder 
Yes , OK . We ’ll talk next time , then .
Oh , by the way , do you have Lin Kai ’s QQ number ? Please tell me if you do 
185840795 
Thank you 
You are welcome 
Bye - bye [ emoticon ] , We ’ll talk next time 
Hello Li Qian , among all courses in Delaware , which course do you like ? Which teacher gives you the deepest impression ? If I am not troubling you , can you introduce to me your courses and teachers ? 
For graduate courses I have only attended Ronet ’s research methodology of and Ivan ’s Criminal Justice . Ronet ’s course is compulsory and everybody should attend it , its content is very important . Ivan ’s course is optional , and mainly delivered in the form of topic discussion , however my English was not very good then , so I did not quite understand what others were discussing … 
They speak very fast , so it was a bit awkward for me , LOL 
I have n’t seen you coming online 
Oh , OK 
Fairly busy 
What about you ? 
I ’m busy sometimes and free sometimes 
May I know what your name is ? 
Which one is you in the photo ? 
? 
=Which photo is you ? 
Which one are you looking at 
Is this you ? 
Mm 
This was from two year ago 
Hello 
Are you at work ? 
Can I have a look at you ? ? 
Video ? 
I do n’t have the equipment for that at the office 
There ’s some in my space 
From ’ 87 .
Good body , mm . Are you from Wuhan ? 
Have n’t =weighed myself for a long time 
But I ’m about that weight 
Yes 
What about you ? 
Introduce yourself 
My hometown is in Huangshi 
Height and weight 
Do you have a photo ? 
What about yours , could you send one to me ? ? 
My home is in Gutian 
How old are you ? 
Oh 
Born in 81 , right ? 
What ’s your name ? 
My name is a bit complex 
Mm , I do n’t know them .
Gutian 
Are you there ? 
? 
[ I ’m here | zaia ] 
What 's up ? 
Are you sick ? 
No 
What is it then ? 
[ Fuck | I lean ] ! I really should n't have changed to this [ online status | signature ] 
What do you want for your birthday ? 
How are you all doing now ? 
I want to go home [ emoticon ] 
No idea , a little uncertain about the next season 
Apply for reimbursement for the plane ticket when you come back 
Only the return trip is reimbursed 
Yeah 
Oh 
I do have reimbursements 
We 'll reimburse them for you 
I 'm coming back at the beginning of July 
It ’s true 
In fact , the poetry has already been written 
But it 's very short 
The main issue is that you 're never here , so there is no source material 
Yeah 
You did n't do too well ? 
No idea 
I do n't manage it anyway , so I do n't really understand the actual situation 
What 's the matter ? Is there a problem again ? 
The student pool has n’t been very good all along , I guess 
Oh 
How is Teacher Fan doing lately ? 
All right 
Sometimes I would go and play a while on [ Garena gaming platform | gg platform ] 
All kinds of [ crap | vegetables ] . You can kill a lot using 4-fold explosion 
That one is pretty ruthless 
Goblin Shredder 
Just keep on refreshing 
… 
Look for opportunities to harvest 
Refresh till the Bloodstone , Boots of Speed and Shiva appear 
Once I start playing , [ I ca n’t stop myself | there will be a deep hole ] 
I just could n’t stop playing Phoenix , till I got Mekansm and Boots of Speed to appear 
Frost Wyrm is also quite ruthless 
So despicable 
Frost Wyrm 
I played a Frost Wyrm yesterday . On the opposite side a [ slark | merman ] jumped up , stepped on it slightly and ignited a light , and he died by himself 
Why ? 
Could n't fight people 
As long as I occupy a sneaky position , they ca n't even kill one person 
How do you use that big one ? 
Use it when other people rush up together 
Is it useful when it 's just one person ? 
When others rush up one by one , there is E and R , which can basically confine them 
It 's useful , but its usefulness is not great 
Okay , I have to study it a little 
Quite despicable 
This Frost Wyrm plays so very despicably 
Yeah 
What other recommendations do you have ? 
You can deploy Shadow Blade more often 
Lina and such can all be deployed 
Yeah ? 
Lich , Lina and zues and such , [ Arcane Boots | secret magic arts ] , Mekansm and Shadow Blade 
(( Just that Lich does n’t use [ Arcane Boots | secret magic arts ] )) 
[ Jakiro the Twin - Head Dragon | Twin Head ] is quite ruthless 
Oh , by the way , that new hero 
What 's the main purpose for deploying Shadow Blade ? 
(( Small poisonous dog )) 
Stealing people to save one 's own life 
Small poisonous dog , force out the Hand of Midas , then fight the monster 
[ Necronomicon | 40 book ] 
Once Level 3 Necronomicon is deployed , just [ auto attack | A ] to pass 
Then it ’s just all kinds of killing 
… 
Warlock is very perverted too 
Sigh . I 've realized I 've fallen too far behind 
There are various ways to attack which I 'd never seen before 
Death Prophet taking out Shadow Blade is also very ruthless 
[ Keeper of the Light | KOTL ] is quite despicable too 
Then it 's no use for others to bring the pink stone and such ? 
It depends on the line - up on your own side 
If there are some in stealth mode on your own side , then you can deploy Mekansm 
Once you have deployed Mekansm , your teammates will feel embarrassed to ask you to sell 
You wait till the fighting starts , (( then go up there and add to it )) 
((=Delete )) immediately as soon as you feel something is wrong 
The sequence of movements are sufficiently thorough , right ? 
How many [ account numbers | numbers ] do you have ? 
Quite a lot 
Sand King is quite ruthless 
Yeah , it 's all right 
But the [ Sand King | SK ] from an account which I previously had [ failed | became a tragedy ] 
The lowest which I played to was 1 point 
... 
Rigwarl is very interesting 
I like to play 
Yeah 
But there is no movement speed for [ Tranquil Boots | Green Shoes ] in this version 
Ca n't really run 
Rigwarl deployed [ Phase Boots | Phase ] 
Drive the train 
... There ’s no [ blood healing | reverse blood flow ] 
Get Vanguard out early 
The [ Phase Boots | Phase ] are running so fast 
It 's not even as good as my small poisonous dog 's alchemy 
Once Level 3 Necronomicon is deployed , [ auto attack | A ] till the entire field explodes 
Level 3 Necronomicon is so [ awesome | cow cunt ] ? 
Do you know how to spread the small poisonous dog 's =powder ? 
You can use commodities to clone yourself 
The CD of Level 3 Necronomicon is approximately 90 seconds , he can clone himself for 30 seconds 
Oh 
Play in a group , 2 teams 
Like this~ 
Will he die if his double dies ? 
No 
He wo n’t be affected 
Doubles are supposed to be sent out to die 
Same for Alchemy , 3 times the efficiency 
… 
So that ’s how it is 
That is a lot more [ awesome | cow cunt ] than Meepo 
Yeah 
Ca n’t use commodities for Meepo ’s cloning 
Moreover one clone dies , and you 're dead 
I have a game of WL , Aghanim , Refresher Orb and Level 3 Necronomicon 
4 Hellfire , 4 Ghosts 
The major forces have [ auto attacked and passed through | A over there ] 
… 
Can the Necronomicon be refreshed ? 
Yeah 
Patches ca n't be refreshed 
Refresher Orb can be refreshed 
Oh 
Oh 
Lich is taking the road of disadvantage 
Add points . 32311 
Avenge the society 
.................. 
Of course , the opposing side is very strong . How about adding 1 earlier ? 
But no matter how you look at it again , Phoenix is still the most violent one 
How come my Phoenix died on the lines with the enemy ? 
Do n't you have D ? 
I do n’t want D if there is n’t a number of people 
Oh~ 
I see 
I often encounter battle formations without a control when playing here 
Phoenix does n't need a control 
How is Phoenix played then ? 
You yourself are the control 
What about turning into a [ Greevil Egg | egg ] ? 
Lose the F 
Or go back to turn D into a [ Greevil Egg | egg ] ? 
Throw them all away and then come back on again ? 
Oh 
Get up and cut into the battlefield again 
Treat it as a returning status + Refresher Orb 
It ’s enough for IMBA already 
They all do n't play with controls , like [ Akasha the Queen of Pain | Queen ] and Weaver who are very powerful 
Coming and going as they wish , killing entire fields 
.......... 
Then encountering Sand King , Sven and such 
lion 
We agreed not to have control 
What do you do when the opposite side has control ? 
If so , what can be done … ? 
What can be done then ? 
Phoenix sprinkles 
Hides in the back burning 
Fighting a civil war , they all know that it 's hard to be on the offensive against me 
Who is [ awesome | cow cunt ] in the civil war now ? 
They chose Lucy + Sil + Wrath 
It ’s like this , it 's very hard for them to target me 
In a civil war , you are generally not allowed to choose Phoenix 
It ’s all [ ladders | heaven ’s ladder ] , there are now very few civil wars 
[ Tiny the Stone Giant | Tiny ] and [ Nerubian Assassin | Xiaoqiang ] are very ferocious too 
Ah , [ Nerubian Assassin | Xiaoqiang ] 
[ Awesome | Cow cunt ] 
Quite despicable 
That 3 skill of his is so despicable 
Does Poisonous Dog 's clone have a period of sustainability ? 
Yes 
Rather short 
About the same as a (( cloned Axe )) , probably 
Then just use that time to do an inventory of commodities 
Yeah 
Just use Hand of Midas and Necronomicon , and it will be OK 
Is money deducted for cloning when not fighting ? 
Oh yes 
Just use it once it 's ready ? 
Unless you need to fight a group immediately 
Use that to release R in advance 
It ’s that bomb - like thing 
.. 
Is [ Slardar | Little Merman ] [ awesome | cow cunt ] ? 
That [ senior alumnus | senior brother apprentice ] of mine is all right at playing [ Slardar | Little Fish ] 
The strangers are awesome 
Yeah 
Over there on [ Garena gaming platform | gg platform ] , they 're all strangers 
Single kills are easy 
You like to play [ Spirit Breaker | White Cow ] ? 
I ca n’t take it anymore , I ’m going to sleep 
I do n't really like it 
Common or Master ? 
The rate of appearance is very high 
Phoenix , Goblin Shredder , and Frost Wyrm 
Also [ Slardar | Little Fish ] 
That ’s for all of them 
It 's the statistics from the [ ladder | heaven ’s ladder ] , not mine 
Oh 
Yeah 
Will you go with a package tour on the 17th ? 
Yes 
... 
=Awesome 
Fine then . I will go myself . We may probably meet and eat together . We are just in New York 
Ho ho 
Are you joining a tour on the 17th ? 
Yes 
... 
=Amazing 
Okay then . I ’ll go by myself then . Maybe we will bump into each other and have dinner . We are in New York 
Hehe 
Teacher Ren , Lao Yu is leaving . Do you want to have a meal together on Sunday ? 
Dinner 
Okay 
How come it ’s so soon ? 
Where is he going ? 
Are you talking about Weihua ? 
Yes .. 
Um , yes 
Do you want to have Mexican food ? 
Okay 
Which one ? Send me a link . I ’ll check 
It ’s the one that we went to with Yumei , our senior female fellow student , last time 
Do you remember the name ? 
I can call my senior female fellow student and ask her .. 
Hehe 
It ’s Liu Shujing 
I seem to remember that it is on Woodlane . It takes 20 minutes to walk there 
If you just stay for a couple of months , you can come and live with me .
My landlord might move out next semester 
So I just want to find a short - lease partner 
Really ? I really can ? That ’s so great 
Right right 
575 dollars per month 
I also want to arrive in early July , and then lease for one or two months , and then renew the lease starting from September 
How many people are living together ? Where ? 
Which fees are included in the rent ? 
I happen to be =looking for houses on rent . In Yahoo Group , someone is letting their house in Pinebrook . Is it good there ? 
It ’s like this . They are Americans , a couple . The guy has just got his master ’s degree , and the girl got her doctor ’s degree . They own the house .
All fees are included 
Actually if they might not move out next semester , I do n’t really want to move either 
I live on the second floor , which has two rooms and a bath room 
But they are letting out only one room 
So basically I am living on the second floor by myself 
I do n’t get it … so you and your landlords are living on the second floor together ? 
No 
They live on the first floor 
I live on the second floor , by myself 
There is one room that is not for rent 
Unoccupied 
It seems that no school bus pass by Pinebrook , right ? 
Well well , so if I ’m on a short lease , I will be renting in the “ not - for - rent ” room , right ? [ emoticon ] 
No 
You will rent the room I am living in 
There are school buses passing by 
Because I will =move =out 
Move out 
OK , I see . I wanted to ask you , but was afraid it would be inconvenient for you , because you are on break in June , right ? 
How often is the school bus ? If there is a school bus every 20 minutes , then it ’s OK . Last semester no school bus passed that place . Then they have talked to the school , I guess .
We are on break in mid or late May … 
I think houses in Pinebrook are very good ! I am very interested so I am asking you 
I asked the landlord . She said she did n’t think she could find any tenant . So it ’s OK if you come in July 
They did n’t say how often the bus passes by 
Really ? Can I ask how the conditions are in your place ? Why are you moving out ? 
Is Pinebrook very close to the school ? 
The conditions are all very good . I am moving out because next semester they may be looking for jobs 
Break in mid may , what a happy kid ! 
If they can find jobs , they will no longer live here .
So there ’s still uncertainty 
Is it near the school ? How large is your bed ? [ emoticon ] 
There are school buses passing by every 20 minutes . The bed is full size 
It ’s not very large 
… The bed is very small 
But if you just live for a short term , it should be OK 
Of course it does n’t matter if you can find a better one 
Yes , you are right 
No , you are so polite . I really appreciate it that you are willing to help 
My pleasure . I am just giving you an option . Pinebook should be OK , too 
Only that it is a bit far 
And there are not so many school buses in the summer break 
Oh , so it is . Is your place very close to the school ? 
Not very close , but definitely nearer than Pinebrook . Pinebrook is about 30 - 40 minutes ’ walk to school , and it ’s about 20 minutes ’ walk from my place 
OK . When do you expect a reply from me ? Because the school has n’t mailed me my I - 20 forms yet , and I am not sure about the exact time of my arrival at Newark , so I am just conjuring that I might arrive in early July just as you do . I will have enough time 
No hurries 
Wait until you get those materials . It would n’t be too late 
Great … UD is so great . I used to live in Philadelphia , and the houses there were really a headache , every time . They were very old and dilapidated . I see that houses in Pinebrook are great , the decorations and facilities are all quite new .
Yes … Houses here are better compared with Philadelphia .
They should be much better . The scenery in Delaware is really picturesque 
The school bus passes by every 50 minutes 
Does this mean time may not be enough ? 
It is not far from the main street 
But there is still a distance from the school 
What I am thinking is , is n’t it OK as long as there is the school bus ? Get up early if the school bus does not pass by frequently , am I thinking right , please tell me 
Right . But I am not sure about the school bus schedule during the summer break 
By every 50 minutes I mean during the semester .
Oh … I see 
Besides , it is more than five minutes ’ walk to the main street , right … 
You can hardly make it in five minutes by riding a bike 
Right~ Therefore I need to ask you to know better~ There is always an overstatement in advertisement 
LOL , You can hardly make it in five minutes by riding a bike [ emoticon ] 
Right … because that is near the reservoir already 
LOL , maybe they are selling lake view houses 
The environment is very nice .
[ emoticon ] Thank you for agreeing on this .
Hehe 
OK , I am going to rest . Go to lunch if you have n’t had it yet 
OK OK . Good night 
Hello Lin Kai . There is no problem with the bed ; the full - size is very good . I thought it was the twin - size bed so I misunderstood . At present , I have n’t got the materials yet ( I - 20 ) , and I am still in the stage of setting the ID and mailbox . … But I guess there should be exact news next Tuesday , so I will talk to you then . Is it OK ? 
It ’s OK . My landlord is very easy going . After you ’ve got your materials and other things I ’ll send you her mailbox , and you can confirm with her yourself . There should be no problem , I have told her about this .
Excuse me , how did you fill in the immunization form ? 
Actually you can fill in that form by yourself , and then have the doctor sign on it 
I filled it in and then came to school , and the school doctor said I need to take another MMR injection , which can be done after the semester begins . It is free .
Hello , He Ting . I am the PhD student who just contacted you .
Excuse me , you said I could live in the living room , did you mean that you would lease out the big bedroom , and keep the living room for me temporarily in July ? If so , how much would the rent be ? 
Besides , what 's the school bus interval , is it the same in the summer holiday ? 
The rent for the living room is 200 USD 
The school bus interval is 50 minutes , all at fixed times . We have cars but we usually take the school bus for the lessons . It is convenient 
Is it also 50 minutes in the holidays ? 
It should be . I 'll confirm it for you 
Besides , if I move in , will it be me , you and your boyfriend living together ? You wo n't have other tenants , will you ? 
Right 
May I know who have signed on the lease contract ? Can my name be added if I move in ? 
Surely you can . The three of us have all signed the contract .
You can write four names in all on the contract 
Oh oh , OK . Is it far from school ? 
It is 15 minutes ' walk to school .
I see on the website that the living conditions and environment are very nice [ emoticon ] , how do you feel ? 
So near ? It is very good , then . It 's OK if the school bus comes every 50 minutes , anyway it takes only 15 minutes by foot 
Right , I rented it because the environment is good , the rooms are facing the direction of sunshine and very bright , not like some houses with dark rooms . When we visited the house , we thought that the environment was very good and the rooms were spacious 
Where is your campus ? 
Under the School of Art and Science 
May I ask how many toilet the house has ? 
Two 
The master bedroom =has an independent rest room , but you need to share the shower with us 
Yes , there is a toilet and a dresser , this is totally cool , we keep it really clean 
OK , then . Did you say that you might move out by the end of August ? 
Another good thing about here is the 24 - hour hot water . The hot water is quick and really hot , not like the houses some others rented , the shower water pressure is too low and the water is sometimes hot sometimes cold 
Right , I know this , I used to read for my Master 's degree at UPENN , and the houses there were so dilapidated 
Our contract is due on August 2 , so we would move out at that time , but we could also renew the contract if we find new partners 
Right , OK , I got it . How about this ? I 'll book the master room for July ( one month ) , and I 'll arrive in Newark between July 1st and 5fh . If you have any suitable tenant who wants to rent the master room for June and July , you can rent it to him , but in that case , can you check whether I could rent the living room for July ? I 'll pay all the rent needed . If I can successfully rent the master room for July , I hope to have the chance to renew the contract together with you . Is this good to you ? 
You can take a look around after you come over , before making the final decision .
So are you in the US right now ? 
No , I am in Beijing . I also want to go over and take a look first [ emoticon ] , I was calling you from China just now 
Of course I am not in the US , otherwise I could have started renting from June 
Anyway , what I mean is not to trouble you , and you do not need to keep the room for me , if I have the chance to rent it for July it would be great , but if I can not make it and others want it , you can rent it to others , so you wo n't be having any loss . How does this sound to you ? 
OK , I do n't know what will happen in the future , but I 'll keep it if what you said does not happen , so you can live here when you come over , if all rooms have been rented , you can also live here temporarily for a couple of days . You can also check on other options , so you can choose other places if I have no rooms available then .
Oh , thank you so much , OK , I know [ emoticon ] 
You are welcome , keep in touch then , I 'll contact you immediately if someone rents my room , so that you can be prepared 
Oh , thanks so much ! OK , so much for now 
You are welcome 
You there ? 
The analog signals for the series compensation were all taken from electrical capacity and electrical currents of the series compensation high voltage platform , MOV electrical current and so on ( 500kv electrical potential ) 
To ensure meeting insulation requirements the series compensation will have a measuring box installed on the platform , and after transforming the analog into optical digital signals through the measuring box , then transmit to the platform through the fiber optics ( insulated ) to the protection control system , and then forward to the fault recorder from the protection control system .
The foreigners do n't really approve of this method , and think we should give them the analog volume .
This is a little difficult for me to do .
" Install a measuring box on the platform , " what contents is this analog volume measuring ? How big a signal ? And is it 500kV and a primary current signal ? 
The measuring box used on the collection platform CT , PT 's secondary current voltage signal is generally 1 A and 100V , which is then transformed into digital optical signals .
That is right , ca n't you just directly give it to them at the 1 A and 100V places ? 
Pull a power cable and directly give it to them 
These CT , PTs are on the 500kv platform , if we pull over a power cable then the power cable has to go through the platform and will be required to be insulated from the platform with a strength satisfying 500kv . There is no way to do this ! 
On the secondary side , is n't it 100V and 1 A ? How can it be given to your measuring box , just how do you give them 
And the power cable for your measuring box also needs an insulation strength of 500kV ? 
The measuring box is also on the platform , their recorder is in the closet . The electrical potential of these two things are not the same .
The measuring box and platform are equivalent electrical potential .
Is it this , that for the high voltage primary current , voltage uses the large power cable to go to your platform , and through the PT , CT on the platform transforms to 100V , 1 A , and then goes through the small power cable to your measuring box ? 
Yes 
Merge voltage at the small power cable location , and align currents for you , wo n't this work ? 
Your voltage 2 port , current 2 ports give them , and it should not matter if you have equivalent electrical potential or not 
The routine PT , CT primary and secondary insulation will be a primary insulation against ground ( 500kv ) .
Using PT , CT for series compensation has to be placed between the primary and secondary insulation of the platform and need only satisfy series connection capacitor voltage ( line current multiplied by capacity resistance ) .
That is to say the secondary side of series compensation PT , CT also is high electrical potential .
A high electrical potential secondary side can only be connected to a platform measuring box of the same electrical potential , and can not be connected to grounded electrical potential fault recorders .
I do n't know if I 've made it clear or not , if you have an opportunity to talk in person the result may be better .
How are the domestics issues being resolved ? Can others use your digital signal ? Can this be done through a protocol ? 
Its all fine ! The foreigners think we definitely have to connect to the original analog volume to be appropriate .
To tell you the truth , Old Yu , as for the fault recording , it is monitoring and analyzing , we really need the primaries , only independents will do , similar to the blanking aspect 
That ’s right ! In this way we 'll have them collect optical signals from the platform measuring box according to our protocol . Nor is the live volume of this customization large , the foreigners are n't willing to do it .
Nobody is willing to do things you wo n't make money off .
Do you have to do this fault recording for them ? Is this just a issue of economical transportation for you ? 
Recording is done only for malfunction analysis , and uses the mother line voltage , wire current is fine 
If that ’s the case , do capacitor gear also need to be fault recorded for them ? In reality no. 
I have some equipment current voltage here , it can analyze whether the status of series compensation sub equipment is normal or not during the malfunction process , and whether it has changed or not .
That 's right , there is no need to record more for it , you belong to the economic category , at most give a hard connecting point to initialize the fault recorder for this line 
Because it is passing through in the circuit , once a malfunction occurs it will likely lead to a circuit break , thus we place a fair amount of attention on this .
I hope to fully have a handle on the status of the equipment .
Or perhaps there 's a diagram that is better , if possible I 'll come over on the 20th 
OK , the opportunities to cooperate in the future are many . We 'll talk face to face then .
Is the capacitor malfunction a puncture ? 
Right ! First a puncture , then an explosion , then a break .
According to reason resistance was increased , the circuit protection will not move 
In this kind of malfunction circuit protection will likely not move , thus series compensation will just rely on its own side path switch to withdraw from series compensation side path operations , the protection equipment will not be seriously damaged .
Yeah , protect you own equipment , the purpose of fault recording is monitoring . However the regulation standards require independent fault recording for monitoring , or can you monitor it yourself ? 
The regulation standards do n't clarify which to use , and recommend that both are ok . Thus we still need to communicate with the user and listen to their thoughts .
Then you try to get it scrapped using reasoning , 
This reasoning is very clear , for example the transformers will also explode , and the fault recorders will not be able to go and monitor 
As long as the outside current voltage monitor arrives it will be ok 
Also , the power source will also explode , and the fault recording wo n't monitor it 
That ’s right ! Sometimes the thinking of the user just follows what they are used to , no matter if it 's useful or not , as long as it 's a function you can realize , they will first submit requirements that you realize these functions .
Sometimes they also understand reason , but with different stands on viewing the problem the requirements will of course be different .
You first have to go through the National Grid of Brazil Company to persuade them , and the fault recorder already recorded the voltage and current of this circuit , and you can just initiate the fault recording when a connection is given for series compensation malfunctions or bypass movement 
We are also thinking of how to communicate further . Thank you for your suggestions , I am preparing to go offline here . If I have time and see you we 'll talk again . Bye bye ! 
Bye bye ! 
Morning , how much longer do you have to wait ? You do n't want me to come over , have you all left 
My visa is only until the latter third of this month , I am currently applying for an extension but do n't know if I 'll get it .
If I can get it I 'll be extended for another month , otherwise I will have to be sent back to China .
Are you 45 days ? Mine is 90 days 
That 's good , I 'll wait for you to settle things , I 'll decide the itinerary 
That ’s not right , you went over on April 15 
Only 30 days ? 
I am 30 days . According to what our overseas business personnel they can only get this type at the moment . It seems that your overseas business department is better .
Brother , I went to get it myself , it was even cheap , 
90 days , an accumulated 180 days a year 
You are quite capable . We had everything done by our business department , thus I am not clear on the specifics . I only know they are currently helping me extend my visa .
Did you get one yourself in the past , otherwise if you go and do it yourself it feels like it wastes time and money , and is probably quite bothersome .
I have n't done it for Brazil , nor have I been to Brazil . Are you going from Beijing to Paris and then to Brazil ? 
We are transferring in Dubai , you Nanrui guys seem to all transfer in Paris .
If transferring in Dubai , is n't the second leg too long ? How much USD cash do you bring ? 
The costs of using reals here is about the same as using RMB in Beijing .
Here a bottle of coke is 3 reals , in Beijing its 3 RMB .
The exchange rate of reals to USD is approximately 2 : 1 . The hotel we 're at is approximately 350 reals per night , and meals per day I expect at least 50 reals , add to this 30 reals for taking cabs , and the number of days you plan to stay , and you can basically calculate out an approximation .
You ca n't use cards ? Credit cards ? 
Right , there is this problem when transferring in Dubai . However , the total time is about the same .
My God , 1 thousand a night 
You can . But its seems they do n't use pins here . There is the danger of credit cards being easily stolen and used 
The place we 're staying at is fairly close to where the National Grid is , the environment is quite nice besides the beach , so it ’s a bit expensive .
Nanrui generally does n't stay nearby , so it should be a little cheaper .
Hua Zai , can you find out the average salary for those who work in Production ? Your company and foreign owned enterprises and what not 
I have never checked other companies before 
Moreover , it seems that different companies have different descriptions for this position 
Let me look around first . I ’ll let you know when I have the information 
For the sake of you are going to America , I will treat you to watch another movie some night 
[ expression ] [ expression ] I 'm so moved~~ 
Hehe , do you have time ? 
Have you watched " So Young " ? 
I have now 
I have , you must watch it ! It 's good 
Well , let me check if there are other appropriate movies 
Now ? It 's 9 o'clock , my mom is home , I have a curfew [ expression ] 
Haha , I did n't say now 
Your mom comes again ? 
" Iron Man 3 " [ expression ] 
Right , I 'm flying to America , she comes and lives with me for a while , pack my luggage 
I have watched it , " Iron Man 3 " is not as good as the previous two , I think 
I see ...... you pick one then [ expression ] 
Let me check if there are appropriate movies recently 
In early July 
Oh , it 's still early 
Well , not bad [ expression ] 
There are no other movies recently ... 
All right !!! 
On the 10th , there is a movie named " Oblivion " with Tom Cruise in it , it 's a science fiction movie 
On the 12th , = " Django Unchained " will be released , which was emergently called a halt to release some time ago 
" Django Unchained " 
Well , they are all pretty good . Eh ? You are pretty familiar with them~~ 
I just checked 
" The Croods " is also very good 
Is it a animated movie ? That was =good 
Good 
Yes , I have watched it 
Ah ? ??????? 
I just have n't watched " So Young " .... haha 
How popular you are , you have watched all , what can you and me watch then ? 
... I was bored , the only thing I can did is watching movies 
Anyway , you wo n't leave recently , [ you will leave in July | July you ] 
Hehe , all right , you decide , or we can wait till there are good movies later .
Well , ok , what are you busy with these days ? 
Actually , it 's pretty good for us to watch " So Young " together , we have watched [ " You Are the Apple of My Eye " | " Those Years " ] together before , it will be echoing when we watch " So Young " later , from high school to college 
Visa ...... contacting school ...... reading thesis ...... 
Looking for a house 
Yes , so I have watched all of the others , I 've been waiting to ask you out and watch this 
It 's a repertoire 
Yes , I ca n't bear watching it for a second time neither ...... [ expression ] , my heart will be fluctuated again 
Haha , is that so dramatic ? 
Have you watched " A Wedding Invitation " ? 
This movie was nice shot , yes 
Ah ? I have n't watched it yet 
You have watched it , have n't you ? 
Yes , only the ones with stories can watch it into 
Otherwise it 's a bad movie 
Are you talking about " A Wedding Invitation " ? 
Yes 
Why do you always talk to me about the movies you 've seen ? 
Are you a man with stories then ? [ expression ] 
I 'm so grown up , who does n't have past ? 
Haha , oh , I see 
What do you understand about the state of the ones " without stories " then ? 
Hehe , I watched it with those who do not have stories 
Actually the movie itself is very average 
It only could evoke some of my past memories 
Did you watch movie with so many girls ? [ expression ] 
No , a bunch of colleagues 
[ expression ] I see , you even know that they do n't have stories ? 
Colleagues , ok ? 
Hello , Zhang Na . I ’m Chen Fang from Shandong Dacheng Industry Co. , Ltd. I would like to ask when the annual review will be done .
? 
Hello 
Wait a moment . Let me speed it up a bit 
Um , thank you for your trouble 
You ’re welcome . I ’ll give you a reply in the afternoon 
Okay 
Hello 
I just came back from Scheduling 
Okay 
They said that your company has too few professional teachers . Only two teachers in the construction industry can do the review 
It is estimated that the review can be done in June 
See if it ’s okay for you 
The teachers do n’t have time in May 
Does the annual review have any term of validity ? 
We ’re okay whichever month it is 
The certificate is suspended for now . It can be resumed to normal use after the review 
Are you in a hurry to use it now ? 
It will be okay if you do n’t use it before June 
We ’ve been using it .
Right , you can use it now but you need to stop temporarily this month =because the review is not done . This is the main reason . Your company is not to blame 
It ’s because the term of validity on the certificate is three years 
What I ’m saying is , are you in a hurry to use it these two months ? 
If you do n’t need it , it will be resumed after the review next month 
Sure , no problem 
We ’re not in a hurry for now . It will be best if the review can be done in early June 
Okay , in early June then 
Okay , thank you . I ’m sorry 
No problem 
You did n't know it until now ? 
I knew it long ago 
=Er 
but it is my first time watching this video 
It 's so scary 
=Er 
Such a good girl is destroyed like that 
There is nothing good to watch 
... 
=Er ... 
She made her parents suffer together 
It 's so scary 
Was she really poisoned ? 
Who would have been so heartless ? 
cruel 
=Er .. 
I do n't know 
My mobile phone is broken 
Buy a new one 
Do n't mess with it 
The phone still does n't work , right ? 
[ It does n't work | buxing ya ] 
What will you do ? 
Your smuggled mobile phone 
I am still in a video call with someone 
=Er 
Yours is smuggled 
Why have n't you gone to bed ? 
Are you there ? 
I am sleepy to death 
I am sleepy to death 
I am very angry 
I have n't finished it yet 
I ca n't hear anything 
It 's got stuck 
My mobile phone is broken 
[ Let 's talk later | zaishuo ] tomorrow 
I ca n't hear anything 
I 'm sleepy 
I 'm sleepy 
[ Let 's talk later | zaishuo ] tomorrow 
It 's got stuck 
OK 
I ca n't wake you up tomorrow 
Good night 
If you still keep silent , I will go to bed 
Remember to come to Philadelphia to play when the time comes 
I will definitely find a weekend to visit you there and have fun when the time comes 
Sure . However , I only have one weekend . I wo n’t be able to go to Philadelphia this time for sure 
When are you coming here ? 
It will be quite some time . When are you going back to China ? 
I ’ve taken five days off from the 17th to the 22nd 
I have to find a weekend that is not so busy to go 
Sure , let me know in advance 
I ’m going to New York on the 17th and then I will probably be back on Sunday 
It is stipulated that I return to China in October 
How can it be so coincidental ? 
I want to apply for extension 
It ’s also a classmate in Boston who asked me to 
Um , 
Which month will it be if you are going back to China ? 
Is it December ? 
I ’m thinking that we will go to New York next time you come here 
Right 
I expect it to be in December . I ca n’t extend it for too long . I have n’t taken the interim assessment yet 
What do you mean by “ you ca n’t extend it for too long ” ? 
Do you want to go back next year ? 
It seems that I ’ve taken the interim assessment already . It seems that I need to take the assessment every year now 
I ’ll graduate next year 
What I mean is , there is not much space even if I want to have an extension 
Moreover , I need to find a job 
Oh , do you want to work at the (( Second Affiliated Hospital of the Zhejiang University School of Medicine )) ? If it is , there is no rush . The boss should keep you 
In fact , my first choice is the Pearl River Delta 
Even though the (( Second Affiliated Hospital of the Zhejiang University School of Medicine )) is also possible , I ca n’t stay even if I want to 
Oh , I also had a confrontation with my boss in China earlier due to these matters 
He disagreed that I continue to stay but agreed to it in the end 
The next year is destined to be tiring 
Come here to ease your mind when you have time 
Haha , I know where the good food is now 
Haha 
That is a must 
Elder brother , I ’ll go to bed first 
Let me know a little earlier when you have a plan 
Um , okay , sure 
You can also find a weekend to come to Philadelphia . Philadelphia is the old capital of the American Empire 
Come here to experience it for yourself 
Okay 
[ expression ] Good night 
Good night 
Jiji 
Pipi 
What 's up ? 
When will you have time to talk about putting Bi Saisai in your class 
Any time is fine 
Is n't this before 5 o'clock in the afternoon ? Do n't worry .
Then after I 'm out of my second class . . Then I 'll give you a call 
Actually , before you go to class is also fine .
Yeah . Before one thirty , right ? 
I 'm afraid of you going to class and then bothering you 
Right .
No problem .
At that time give me a call . [ expression ] 
That 's fine . Then I 'll give you a call when I come back and go .
231 ? 
Yeah . Right 
Fine . Thanks 
It 's nothing [ expression ] Pipi 
Manager Chen , I have received the money , 
I will purchase the telephone lines , as well as staplers ( staples ) and paper clips first . I will complete the purchase orders later after I return to the company tomorrow or the day after tomorrow . Is that OK ? 
The phone number of Sanshang Shop of Easyhome : 8620057 
Manager Chen , we 'd better use longer telephone lines , because they will be wound many times .. 
Thank you 
Um , um , Yes , 
OK . I will go to the company tomorrow or the day after tomorrow . Can I bring them together ? 
Yang Yang . You mean you are going to purchase those things , right ? 
OK . I will issue the purchase orders for you here 
OK , 
When the buyers come back , they will notify you 
The company has a shuttle to the New City almost every day 
Yang Yang , have you asked Manager Jiang to bring back the invoices ? 
I forgot .. [ emoticon ] 
I will remember to ask whoever comes next time to =take them back 
OK 
OK 
I may go there tomorrow 
How have you been , brother ? 
Life is the same , only that there is nothing much to look forward to . In here , I ’m only helping the postdoctoral fellows here do their work 
Have you learned anything ? 
Working is also training ...... 
I ’ve learned a lot of things . Perhaps it ’s too lame in China 
Same with me , haha 
I need to do everything here so it is learning 
Right 
Do you have any news for the articles yet ? 
The articles are the biggest things to look forward to but they will give you second author at most here 
I was listed as the fourth author in the article about bone that I worked on before 
Thus , I ’m not happy to do it anymore 
The things that I do , all of them ended up doing for the post doctorate fellows 
Even though the fourth was at the back , it was better than nothing 
What about you ? 
No one wants to share anything with us , is n’t it ? 
One that I was listed as second author was just written 
Therefore , I want to have my own topic and work on it . If I ca n’t finish it , I can still bring it back and work on it slowly and have some basic data 
That ’s great 
Can you credit your boss in China as an author there ? 
Who will give any topics to us who drift along outside ? 
Of course not 
What about you ? 
They do n’t quite agree with it here either 
Does “ not quite agree ” mean that it can be discussed ? 
I do n’t know . We have n’t discussed it yet 
However , I reckon that it ’s hopeless 
Where do you plan on sending yours ? 
I want to at least let me list a work unit name 
This is necessary 
Is that right ? 
Otherwise , you wo n’t even have any status 
Haha 
The one that I was listed as the fourth author before , I did n’t credit Zhejiang University . In retrospect , I regret it 
Yes 
Otherwise , Zhejiang University will not acknowledge it 
I already talked to my boss . Even though it will only be listed as second author in the next article 
I still want to credit Zhejiang University 
As for the boss , it ’s very difficult to say .. 
Here , we can send it in JBMR at best . Do you work on the data ? 
The ones on the data can be sent to higher .. 
Wait a moment . I have some work 
Hehe , go busy with your business . The time difference should be four hours 
How is the situation in the laboratory recently ? 
It seems almost the same as before . Senior Guo is doing experiments in Yuquan . It seems that Teacher Shi has asked him to learn techniques there 
Senior Shi and Senior Zhou are busy with their graduation . Senior Zhu does n't have rabbits in the medical sciences institution yet , so he has n't started 
Senior Hu is doing the final processing of the data and pictures 
Xing He and I have been preparing for exams recently . I just finished the exams yesterday .. 
OK , good , 
Senior Wang and Senior Bi are doing cell experiments on the 19th floor recently 
Senior Lin , when do you come back ? 
Is there still a labmeeing every week ? 
meeting , right ? 
I wo n't go back until the end of the year 
Um . It began this week . In the past few weeks , we just discussed with Teacher Shi about the experiments we are doing~ 
Hu Bin 's experiment is almost done , right ? 
It is conducted individually by each group . but the group led by Senior Cai includes Senior Zhu , Senior Hu and me . We have meetings on our own . That said , I still go to Teacher Shi 's meetings 
Um~ It 's basically completed 
There is still more than six months to go~~~ 
Will you come back in the middle of the period , Senior Lin ? Or will you stay there all the time ? 
I will stay here all the time 
OK~ 
It seems that the boss went abroad the week before the last week . I do n't know where he has gone .. Hey - hey 
I see .. Ho ho 
Um~ Is everything going smoothly on your side , Senior ? 
The boss still has many official affairs 
Um~ I 'm quite busy~ Ha ha 
I am just learning experimental techniques and the like here , and assist in other people 's work by the way 
There is a lot of work , and it is difficult to be the first author , 
Um~ Work hard~ It would be better if you make some achievements~ 
Go for it~ 
People here can not give you a research topic for free , so one year of time is still too short 
Well , that is true .. 
I think the experimental time needs to be sufficient enough .. 
I am now worried that whether I would have time to do experiments during the internship 
I am more concerned that Teacher Shi 's research topics are all difficult , and I have wasted a lot of time , 
I hope that Guo Peng , Old Bi and others can take it over later 
Otherwise I feel quite guilty~ 
Senior Guo has been doing the work for Teacher Shi 
You do n't have to worry about this~ They should be able to make it in time~ 
On your side , Hu Bin and others all have a good foundation . They can complete it successfully . It will be regarded a good result 
Regarding the ligament reconstruction of Senior Bi , it seems that there were not many cells growing . I do n't know how the situation is now 
Um~ Performing ultrasound is just relatively painful .. Hey - hey 
Um , um .
I am going to write some experimental results to the boss here . If you need to download articles or something like that later , please contact me via mail .
OK~~ Is it true that you can download almost all articles there ? 
Senior , go ahead with your business~ 
I will contact you if I need anything~ 
It is a bit more convenient than in China .
The database is relatively larger here 
That is really good~ Ha ha 
Thank you ! 
You are welcome . There are a few photos in Li Xin 's QQ space , though 
If you have her q , you can get in to download them . They are all photos of Old Yu with carol and Li Xin 
Oh , I will ask him for them later 
Ho ho 
OK 
[ emoticon ] Regarding the group for the University of Pennsylvania you mentioned , is it for Chinese overseas students in the University of Pennsylvania , or visiting scholars , or ? 
It seems that it 's for visiting scholars 
I really have no idea . It seems that there are some post-docs here , too 
Oh , it is called the visiting scholars of the University of Pennsylvania 
So that is for visiting scholars 
Ho ho , could you send me the group number ? I want to take a look at it , 
No problem 
thx 
I am leaving for a meal~ 
There is no salvation .... 
Lu 
Good morning 
Good morning . Did you stay up all night ? 
Yes 
... Then , hurry up , go take a break 
No problem . I ’m not tired 
One will die if staying up all night for a long while .
Do n’t worry 
Um .... 
Have you eaten yet ? 
Not yet .... 
Thank you during this period .
Why are you being polite ? 
No , I think that I ca n’t go on like this .
.. Thus ? 
.... I ’d better thank you . You ’re wasting your time accompanying me 
Eh , delete it if you feel that it ’s inappropriate 
Let ’s talk when we have time . It feels sadder and sadder looking for someone 
Okay 
Um .
Are you there ? 
I have n't got the time to say , but I have already received the clothes . You added clothes again ! Sigh , I really do n't dare to buy with you again in future .
I did n't =add anything , and I have already changed the size for you directly 
Accept the picture 
I saw it on Tianya , a girl , I feel that she looks quite like you 
Bullshitting 
Does n't she ? 
Oh yes , I 'm sending over a few pictures for you to take a look at 
Quick , send 
Comrade , I 'm getting off work ~~ 
Ah , I 've sent the folder . Let me do it again and send the individual pictures 
OK 
Haha 
Big eyes 
Send to my mailbox ~~~~~ 
I 'm getting off work , my colleague is hurrying me to leave , we get off work at 4:30 
Have n't you noticed the slit eyes that look the same as mine ? 
The baby is more handsome than you two 
I did n't notice 
Very big eyes , they 're not slit eyes at all 
I 'm off , send to my mailbox , my colleague is hurrying me 
See , that piece of clothes looks familiar , right ? Hehe , I 'll send you a few more , offline files 
Hello 
May I ask if you have photos of 2006 ? 
Ah ? For what ? 
For large - scale events 
For example , jogging on the New Year ’s Day 
I want all photos with Bureau Director Chu in 
Thank you 
Have you had your meal ? 
Yes 
You have n’t spoken to me for quite a few days 
I ’ve been busy recently 
Busy on what ? 
Things at the company , and my parent is in hospital . I am busy both at work and at home 
What happened with your parent ? 
He tripped over . His health was not good even before that 
Is it serious ? 
What problem did the doctor say it is ? 
Cerebral hemorrhage 
He had brain atrophy before that 
Do you know TAHITIAN NONI Juice ? 
No , never heard of it … 
Is it the one that you are selling as agency ? 
Yes 
What is it for ? 
It is a bit too late now 
It is never late as long as the patient is alive 
It will only do the patient good 
I 'm here 
Speak 
I asked you if everything goes well 
What are you doing at home ? 
I 'm busy with visa , I 'm going to pay the money today and then make an appointment 
Oh , right , you said it yesterday 
Yes , I just told Zhou Shuang 
Things about me going to America . She showed me flowers 
Flowers ? 
What flowers ? 
Oh , wow hahaha , have n't you known ? 
Classmate Zhou Shuang really has the =mood now ! 
She is growing flowers , they are extremely beautiful and grow thickly =and delicate 
Yellow roses , very beautiful , the flowers are so big 
I am talking with Zhou Shuang again 
=Pretty 
Pretty good . I 'm busy , always want to wait till we are all stabilized and then tell everyone , it 's very good that you tell her first 
What ? 
Have n't you told her about going to America ? 
Oh , I told her this noon 
That 's fine 
She is talking with me about =her wedding with Li Jian , there are also a lot of things to do 
Oh , it 's not quite easy for her 
Really ? What 's wrong ? 
When will the wedding be held ? 
She have n't said it yet 
She said that they will pay for the feast and give the gift money to parents 
Plus decoration , money is so not enough 
She is so worried about it 
Why must they give it to parents ? 
I also think like this 
Oh , I will ask her myself 
The flowers I am growing ~~~~ 
Showing off to you guys 
Beautiful ! [ emoticon ] 
They are blossoming so well , when will you send me some flowers ? [ emoticon ] 
Unluckily I found some worms today , I 'll buy some pesticide on my way home tonight 
You are so cool . Growing flowers~~what a great spiritual realm would that require ! 
OK , you can come over to my house and pick up whichever flower you like~~~ Hahaha 
=Nope , I just think that I need to find something to do when I am alone 
This pot of flowers cost me only 20 RMB , it is so worthwhile 
By the way , I have something to tell you . It would be too late if I do n't tell you now 
All right , what is it ? 
The flowers are blossoming so beautifully 
Ready to leave for another continent~~~ 
I am going to the US in July , for four years probably 
Yes , you already know it 
=No , I guessed 
I thought you were going to Europe 
Whoa , another four years , sailing for a new journey~~ 
I was enrolled in a PhD program , full scholarship 
Whoa , you are so cool 
Alas ... I do n't know ... I do n't feel excited about this 
No longer feeling as high spirited as when I was pursuing my master 's degree , I just feel ... there is nothing to say about it . I 've known the result for over half a month before telling others 
You ca n't be serious , elder sister , you are not excited about even this~~~=Look how high - spirited these two flowers look like 
I feel so much pressure after returning to China . I have two very good childhood friends , one is working in the World Bank and the other is working in the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , how could I face my parents ? 
The things afterwards should be smooth and natural to you~ [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] Zhou Shuang is a good baby~ ! 
LOL , so I never tell my parents how great my classmates are , then they will think their daughter is also very good 
I have been lying to my parents like this all these years , LOL 
Right ! I must learn from this spirit !!! 
Well said !! 
Another four years , I will write to you~ 
I really enjoy the feeling that my writing crosses the ocean 
Right ! And your writing is more beautiful than mine 
Forget it , my writing is as ugly as ever if I do n't practice for some time 
I have n't written a word for a =long time after I started work , so I will definitely practice somewhat before writing to you 
Will you stay there after you go there this time ? ? 
What a shame that I can not invite you as my bridesmaid [ emoticon ] 
We still have dreams , my dream is the flowers and plants on the balcony , and your dream is the wild world~~ I am proud of you~ whole - heartedly 
It 's all the same , how could you know that I envy you for your consistency ? 
I am always optimistic about you~~ Which school is it this time ? 
University of Delaware , near Washington DC , the capital of US 
LOL , you are going to the capital of the American Empire~~~~ 
Hoho , yes You do n't need to pay tax when buying things , the only tax - free state in the US 
Very attractive~ right right 
Still your original major ? 
Your momentum is really making me jealous , I have always known that you life can not be mediocre 
We all come to the same world , and I feel that your life is really worth living~ 
Stop complimenting , I am not there yet [ emoticon ] 
I wish you from afar all successes , hop like a fish in the sea , and fly like a bird across the sky~~ cheers 
I need to finish The Legend of Zhenhuan before the semester begins 
Zhou Shuang , my Chinese has retrogress so much .
I =am reading Romance of the Three Kingdoms , and to tell you in secret , I 've never read it before . And I feel that I really love reading it . Actually there is no love story in it 
Me , too , everything I write has the smell of government official documents , I am so helpless 
And I really like Liu Bei - Right~~ I think he is good , has very good skills of talking , he absolutely has the make for a leader , I should learn from him ! 
Indeed , all the other kings in the Three Kingdoms were the rich second generation , only Liu Bei is counterattacking from the bottom of the society 
And I dislike Zhu Geliang , say , everybody should like him , so resourceful , I feel he is a sorcerer , whatever he predicts comes true , and there was no reason for that 
All other figures are good , whether they are good guys or bad guys , they all had their merits , only Zhu Geliang .... is too .... he just makes me feel uncomfortable 
Hahaha , I can probably understand what you think , do you think that he is just a pretentious guy , saying only the result but never telling the reason , which makes him unfathomable so that people worship him 
But I really adored him when I was a kid , I cried when reading the chapter of his death 
Right , I can understand it , I can imagine it , I did not understand him when I was young but I adored him blindly , feeling that he was good , I did not know what he did , and I thought he was good anyway 
Right right right , I saw a post before , which analyzed who looked like they came back from the future , Zhu Geliang in the Three Kingdoms period was one of them 
=Hahahaha , seems that I have some wisdom , I am seeing eye to eye with network critics 
I have n't read books for a long time , I am becoming more and more impetuous 
When I was a kid , I liked categorizing people as good guys and bad guys while reading , and good guys were right whatever they did 
Right , actually one thing that I do not like about the Three Kingdoms is that it over-writes the power of Zhu Geliang , and other guys are like his puppets 
Or they are just stupid guys in contrast to his smartness 
Pang Tong 's fame and prestige was on the same level as his , but see how much inferior he is compared with him ? 
Correct 
=That 's right ! 
Pang Tong is a good baby 
Fledgling Phoenix , the nickname is also very nice 
Yes , pitifully his icon in Killers in Three Kingdoms ... I am so sad 
[ Exactly | 94 ] !!! 
Haha , you 've found it out 
When I am reading Romance of the Three Kingdoms , my head is filled with pictures of Killers in Three Kingdoms 
LOL , that could make a pretty good movie , will there be voiceover ? 
Right , for example , " I am still too young .... " 
And I always think of the big breast of Sun Shangxiang 
Speaking of this , I 'll show you something that has totally no moral integrity 
Zhen Fu is a siren 
From the appearance 
I am laughing to death ! 
So vicious 
Right~ Right~ 
The entire army steal chickens 
What TV show do you usually watch ? 
I do n't watch much TV show lately , I am just regularly following How I Met Your Mother and The Big Bang Theory 
I watch some cartoons and posts , and my spare time is thus spent 
The Big Bang Theory , there 's something that I have to say ! 
This season really sucks !! I wonder how you feel about it .
Yes , the latest season is really not so interesting 
Really !!! Really !!! 
But I really love Howard , in the last three seasons he is very creepy , but he became much more mature afterwards , I really love watching this kind of growth , I feel it is very real , love and marriage make people grow 
And the story craps , the quality is way below the first five seasons , I am so =sad 
I have n't watched all the episodes of this season yet 
Which episode is it now , it should be almost over 
LOL , good boy , it is really unnecessary . Sometimes an episode is over before telling the audience anything , I do n't know what it is trying to tell , it 's a bit like making up the story for the sake of comic effects , and the screenwriters seem to be at the end of their wits 
There are two episodes before this season is over . It is now Episode 22 , and the season ends at Episode 24 .
Right , I 'll recommend a TV show to you , I think you will like it . Parade 's End , a British TV show , cast by Benedict Cumberbatch . The British actor who acted as Sherlock . The story is based on a novel . Very good 
OK~~ I 'll watch it 
Parade 's End tells the story of a British gentleman 
=gentleman 
By the way , let me tell you something tragic 
After my vacation was over , all my weight losing results were wasted 
I really want to cry 
Ah ? This message is too quick , I am sure I understand it 
First , have you taken your wedding pictures ? 
I have , but there are two suits that did not look good , and I am planning to on a retake 
Of course , the results of other suits are just OK , I just do not have the energy to retake them all 
I feel that others ' wedding pictures are really beautiful , and mine is just a tragedy 
Is there any possibility that you are exaggerating ? 
Besides , when you took the wedding pictures , how successful were you near the weight loss ? 
I was about 47 kg or so then 
[ 137685 ] And when the vacation was over , I was over 51 kg 
My colleagues all say that my face has rounded up 
The problem with the wedding pictures is I did not know how to make poses , and the photographer was not very creative 
He was the mediocre type without any distinct characteristics 
Today I saw the wedding dress of one of my classmates ' , and I felt so depressed after comparing hers with mine 
This is my classmate 's wedding picture 
Oh 
Right , it is indeed very good 
Good picture 
Why were you depressed since you were 47 kg at that time ? 
I am leaving now , paying the visa fees 
Right right , I am depressed because I am retaking the pictures . So I need to go over it again 
I just knew that this girl took the pictures at the same place with me , but mine are far worse than hers 
Oh~~~ OK~~~ 
Of course , if there is any possibility to make you feel better , I am weighing 52 kg 
I am almost bored to death 
Besides , the insanity body building exercise is very popular in the US , as well as in China , it can help you reduce 20 kg in two months , you can watch it on Youku 
I am crying my eyes out , OK , you can just leave , [ bye - bye | 88 ] ~~~ 
Alas~ Actually you have always been thinner than me ever since we were kids , only that you are very modest and keep going for perfect 
I just want to return to normal ... 
Are you going to come back immediately ? 
I only got a one month visa , so I should return to China on the 16th .
I still want to see you there , what about Zhang Tuo ? 
Is TPT urging you to come over ? 
Zhang Tuo 's visa is the same as mine , however from what I hear their leader is preparing to have her extend it by one month .
We have always had people there , so , it 's not to the point of urging 
Who of you are here ? 
TPT has always wanted to organize you and us to hold a series compensation secondary interface design confirmation meeting .
I hear that none of your people are here so we 're waiting .
Actually I have been saying we confirmed this content in China , and furthermore it was also confirmed at the Brazil design institute design and connection meeting .
I only need to report to them a bit , and its fine as long as they do n't have any objections .
However they are emphasizing they want you to participate , so we have n't held it yet .
Sun Yandong , Zhao Zhuanshe have always been here 
How is it TPT did n't know you had people here ? 
If you have people here can you tell me their contact information ? 
I want to hold this meeting as soon as possible , I feel TPT is too busy and I ca n't attend to everything myself , and always have used you not being here as a excuse to postpone and not hold the meeting .
TP knows for sure , 
The last time you chatted with me did n't I say , Nanrui 's are all staying at another place ? 
They are not busy at all , they do one thing a day and say they are busy , they are just lazy 
Right ! However I see those brothers from Nanrui Relay Protection have gone back , so I though you also went =back .
They are staying nearby the fixed grid offices , 
We are staying nearby the National Grid 's location . The location is next to the beach and fairly expensive .
Bye bye 
Thanks ! 
Sister Zhou , are you there or not ? 
[ Here | zai ] 
Only one week left . I was going to ask about the situation 
Ha 
Still no progress 
Have you helped me to arrange the small nursing bottles yet ? 
There are only two nursing bottles at home now 
Haha , tell me how big they are 
A wide mouthed one from NUK , and a narrow mouthed glass one from Pigeon 
Want them ? 
Which brand and what sort of specification ? 
OK 
The wide one , probably 
That one is suitable for small babies 
Seems to be 150 milliliters 
Good , it just so happens that I wo n't buy one for small babies then 
But it has to go with a new nipple 
Okay , I 'll buy the NUK one too then 
Have you bought all the stuff ? 
You let [ Rabbit | Tutu ] use two brands , did she get used to it ? 
Powdered milk , disposable diapers ? 
Prepared a small can of powdered milk , and a package of disposable diapers 
If it 's not enough , then just buy it on the spot 
She basically did n’t really use the wide one 
She rather liked Pigeon 
Is the wide one easier for pouring when pouring the powdered milk ? 
Of course 
I 'm thinking , I should use one brand 's nursing bottle . This way the baby will adjust to the nipple 
Shall I bring it over to you in advance ? 
Yes , you should go with the same kind 
Ha , if you could bring it over to me that would be so great [ emoticon ] 
Or I should wait till you give birth and bring it over 
I asked Yun today , to see if she has any small stuff 
When shall I bring it ? 
Starting to frantically compile things 
It ’s a shame I am almost out of everything here . Who knew you would have a [ second child | Little Two ] ? [ Emoticon ] 
My brother 's child is already over 1 year and 2 months now too 
Whenever is convenient for you is fine . It ’d be better before I give birth 
Coming to settle in Beijing at the end of May 
That is really fast . So big now 
This weekend , then 
Too busy on the weekdays 
Want a drinking cup ? 
[ Rabbit | Tutu ] has a lot of cups . She does n't like using any of them 
Buy one and waste one 
She still likes using the nursing bottle 
Okay , if she 's not using it anymore then give it to me first . I 'll keep them all [ Emoticon ] 
No problem 
By the way , how about I ask Li Yun and the rest to bring the things to you ? Starting to collect a wide range of secondhand goods today , haha 
OK 
It would be good to give it to me before Friday 
OK [ Emoticon ] 
By the way , there 's no elevator over here . I 'm also worried about what to do with the baby stroller 
Which floor ? 
Baby stroller ? Are you talking about going up and down the stairs ? 
5th floor [ emoticon ] 
Yes 
This thing , it will actually still be useful later 
It 's just troublesome going up and down the stairs 
Boo hoo . I have to climb 5 floors . You have to climb too after you give birth 
Haha , come and exercise your body 
I 'll send you the address first 
OK 
Name of the community : Chengjian Community 
What landmark buildings are there nearby ? 
The location is 500 meters west of Jishuitan Bridge .
On the outer side of Second Ring Road . West of the neighborhood is the [ Yuanyang Fengjing | Ocean Scenery ] community . Further west is the Aluminum Corporation of China ( CHALCO ) . Then it 's the Xizhimen Bridge , and then Xihuan Plaza .
I noted it on paper 
You know there 's a Xinhua Department Store here ? 
I know 
Xinhua Department Store is on the southwest corner of Jishuitan Bridge . My home is 500 meters west of Jishuitan Bridge , northbound .
It ’s detailed enough 
Hope I wo n't be unable to find it 
This location is actually not easy to describe , sigh 
It 's really not easy to put it in such detail 
There is a total of 4 communities on this road . From east to west they are : Metro Community , Chengjian Community , [ Ocean Scenery | Yuanyang Fengjing ] , and [ Jinhui Garden | Jinhui Jiayuan ] 
Will you be driving over , then ? 
Should be , probably 
Ask Shuqi if her NUK nursing bottle is still there . At that time , I gave her the large volume one 
Kept a small one for myself as a memento 
If coming by car , you can go south from Beijing Foreign Studies University to Zizhu Bridge , then head east and take Second Ring Main Road . Before you reach Jishuitan Bridge , come out onto the side road , then make a U-turn westward from under Jishuitan Bridge . Then it 's 200 meters past the gas station , and that ’s it 
(( You shall make a good driver if you drive )) 
I just sent them an email , haha 
You have to ask directly about the nursing bottle . I ’m afraid she wo n’t remember it clearly 
It 's not easy to get to this place . I have to think how to give directions every time I take a taxi . It comes from practice , haha 
Does n’t Shuqi have [ QQ Instant Messenger | QQ ] either ? 
It seems Li Yun does n't have it 
Neither has it 
They 're really two aborigines [ emoticon ] 
They are a little [ backwards | soil ] , but I reckon they ca n't get online anyway 
Why ca n't they get online ? 
How come you can get online ? 
I applied for a work number 
To be used for internal communications 
But neither of them have [ WeChat mobile text and voice messaging app | WeChat ] . Still a little [ backwards | soil ] [ emoticon ] 
Haha , yes 
So if they do n't send texts , you can only communicate through the mailbox 
But email is pretty fast during work hours . Li Yun said she 'll bring small - sized clothes and shoes for [ Fruit | Guoguo ] [ emoticons ] 
I think I have collected all the items that I need for the first year from left and right [ emoticon ] 
I have a few pairs of small - sized shoes too . See if there are any that are suitable 
Back then Doudou did n't get a pair of small - sized shoes until he was half a year old , it seems 
[ Rabbit | Tutu ] was about the same . Poor thing [ emoticon ] 
He wo n't need it until he can stand , ha 
Only experienced people understand this point 
By the way , how tall is [ Rabbit | Tutu ] now ? 
95cm 
Not growing in height 
I ’m worried 
Doudou is growing slowly too 
Does she have a good appetite ? 
Yes , she can eat 
I 'm thinking , perhaps Doudou still has some small - sized clothing suitable for girls to give to [ Rabbit | Tutu ] 
Haha , it ’s so great 
Doudou is n't growing in height due to a bad appetite .
How tall is he now ? 
About 115 , now .
[ Rabbit | Tutu ] does n't like to exercise 
How tall was he when four years old ? 
5 - 10cm shorter than his peers 
So is [ Rabbit | Tutu ] 
Just over 1 meter at 4 years old 
That 's fine 
[ Rabbit | Tutu ] is almost four years old 
When we go out people still ask : Are you four yet ? 
When [ Rabbit | Tutu ] goes out everyone asks , are you two yet ? 
Haha , it seems Doudou and [ Rabbit | Tutu ] wo n't cause any misunderstandings together [ emoticon ] 
Now I 'm taking him to see a traditional Chinese physician to nurse his health 
The doctor said his gastric acid is in excess . Lately his appetite has slightly improved slightly 
We will see if [ Rabbit ’s | Tutu ’s ] growth hormones are normal , and whether her chromosomes are normal too 
The results have n't come out yet 
It ’s possible it is hereditary as well 
So young , and he already has hyperacidity 
It 's not a stomach illness , I suppose ? 
It could be hereditary . We both have hyperacidity 
We did n’t pay attention before . Every time he ate carrots he 'd vomit . We thought it was an allergy to carrots 
Then we found out later that it was hyperacidity . If there are problems digesting after eating carrots and so on , then there would be a reaction 
The three of us get acupuncture once a week now 
I remember a few years ago you said Doudou was n't growing in height . I reckon he had hyperacidity all along 
Yes , ever since starting kindergarten , every time they ate carrot dumplings in class , he would vomit 
Then he often had gastrointestinal flu too 
As well as pharyngitis symptoms . Likely caused by the stomach mainly 
Growing up is really not easy 
Yes 
Constipation too 
The constipation has finally gotten better lately 
Before that , it was 2 - 3 days at a time . Very painful 
I found his stools are better . His appetite was also able to improve slightly 
He drinks lemon juice with me every morning to cure the hyperacidity 
Huh ? Lemons are =acidic . It treats hyperacidity ? 
Acidic 
Yes . The flavor is sour , but it is classified as an alkaline food 
It becomes alkaline when it enters the body [ emoticon ] 
We do n't eat meat products anymore , ca n't digest them . It increases the burden 
I learned something new 
The whole family basically adopts a vegetarian diet , except for eggs 
You have no hope of gaining fat [ emoticons ] 
My weight has n't changed in a month . Only [ Fruit | Guoguo ] and my belly are growing 
My appetite is actually very good 
Being a vegetarian promises longevity [ Emoticon ] 
Haha , Classmate Miao 's biggest change now is a =smaller belly 
Smaller 
Eats lemons every day to remove fats , and does n't eat meat 
It ’s not convenient now . We ’ll talk later 
OK 
By the way , Sister Zhou , is [ Tiger | Huzi ] 1 year or half a year younger than [ Rabbit | Tutu ] ? 
I remember it now , ha , younger by not quite 1 year 
Looks like these several babies are between 3 and 4 years old 
Nana 
I am doing fine 
I am planning to move 
Where are you moving to ? 
I am still planning , I like a place near Chengtie Xi'erqi . I think it will take one hour to work in downtown roughly 
Are'nt they Zhang Tong and Zhao Sheng ? [ 1 ] 
It will be fine if we just offer them a treat [ emoticon ] 
When are you moving ? 
It is not decided yet 
I am going to Tianjin tomorrow afternoon 
For business ? 
For relaxation . My friend who lives there has prompted me to come for a visit for many times . I just did not have the time then .
Oh that 's great ! It will be a vacation for yourself 
How long will you be there ? 
The company actually gave you days off 
Tomorrow is Friday 
I will be back on Sunday afternoon 
Will be taking normal weekend breaks 
Ahhh , I forgot about it 
No it is not 
Oh 
There is a time difference between us 
Haha 
Is the time difference 13 hours ? 
I firmly refuse to eat 
Yes ! 
Why ? 
Wherever I go , I care only about hot peppers and tea 
I do n't [ 4 ] purposely pursue other things 
Hehe 
Do they have good hot peppers ? 
You like spicy food ? 
I really love spicy food 
There are not super spicy foods in Tianjin 
I went to Guizhou last time , and had something spicy 
And still pondering 
!!! 
I am also into spicy food 
You went to Guizhou ? 
Um 
Did you go to Guizhou to put out a fire ? 
Yes I did go there to put out the flames 
........... 
Volunteer ? 
How would you go ... 
Official business 
Astound me .. 
Oh ! 
Was=the damage bad ? 
There was a big dispute between the salesmen of our company and the institution 
What was the cause ? 
Because of the understanding to the measurement of the underwriting regulations . I went to attend the meeting to set things straight . They reconciliated 
So putting out the flames in that sense 
(( Faint )) 
Haha 
You shocked me for a second 
Haha 
You were quite capable1 
It is just personal relationships are complicated 
Is it easy to deal with ? 
We like calling it putting out a fire . Teacher Guoli and Teach An =went to Xi'an and Guanzhou , respectively . They have been putting out flames for the whole weeek 
It is not easy to deal with 
Salesmen have a bad sense of belonging . They are in need of money .
Wow 
Yes 
They will do whatever they can to get money 
They are having a toughing time , as well .
, ... 
=Ah 
Um 
Really ? 
Employees of grass roots have a better sense of belonging 
It requires a self - realization , besides money 
So how do you deal with them ? Is it easy ? 
I am an [ executive on behalf of the company 's high officials | imperial envoy ] 
Haha 
To start promotion in the meeting 
Let them understand that they are also very important 
Bro , that is sharp ! 
They are the sources of profit for the Head Office 
I would not have known how to deal with it if I were you .
Right 
But it will put you in a bad situation if you are only after profit 
Make things clear with them , it accords with regular rules . Killing the goose that lays the golden eggs will bring one 's own destruction .
I think it is ok .
It makes my hurt ache when we have to spend 300 for a night at the hotel 
Ah is it at your expense ? 
No 
It is the company 's money , after all 
I am that type who saves whenever possible 
Who treats the company as his own home 
I will not take a taxi if I can take the subway or buses 
WOw , what a good employee 
China needs someone who 's like you 
You are the good employee of the company , and good son of parents 
[ emotion ] My good brother 
Ok 
We missed this one 
Last time I blagged a hug 
Haha , what was the situation ? 
The first time I ever hugged a girl , which took place in October 2012 
It was during the trainning session 
They said I was just being shy , otherwise I would have been a My Lover 
Haha 
It is not 
My Lover must be romantic 
I do n't have this special qualification 
Nana , you are not sleeping yet ? 
[ emotion ] 
I am sleepy 
I am about to sleep 
What about you ? Noontime rest ? 
It is 2 pm now 
Not taking a noontime rest . =Woke up at 1 30 
Hehe 
Alright , I will go to bed 
You work hard at work [ 1 ] If it 's a question , question mark should be added . [ 2 ] Pay attention to the speaker id [ 3 ] If it 's a question , question mark should be added . [ 4 ] typo 
Hi , Senior Song . How old is your baby ? 
Where are you guys now ? 
Hi , Xiaoliang . My son is three years and nine months old , and my daughter is 1.5 years old . All of us are living in Oslo , Norway now .
Where are you working at now — — ? 
I 'm working at Harbin Institute of Technology 
Have you all settled down there ? 
Yes 
Very nice 
I 'm a visiting scholar in the United States now , and will be staying in Philadelphia for a year 
Our whole family is here 
Not bad , not bad 
Senior , keep in touch often in future . When there 's a chance , come to Harbin to give us lectures 
I wish all of you the best 
I 'm not qualified enough to give lectures . Keep in touch often in future , and come to Norway when you get a chance 
Building 
How many characters is that ? 
Completion 
Carrying out construction work in a civilized way 
Eight 
OK 
Thanks 
Let me know when you 've done it 
and how much does it cost ? 
5 - centimeter one ? 
Yes 
Who 's paying ? 
It would be fine if you could just do it like Manager Tian did last time 
Who 's paying ? 
Manager Tian is paying 
Oh 
You can also give it to him once it 's done 
OK 
But it must definitely be the same as last time 
OK 
Thanks 
Teacher Li , I will go to America again in July . PhD project , full scholarship . Long time no see , how are you doing ? 
I 'm fine 
Wo n't you take the judicial exam ? 
There 's not enough time , I wanted to leave after the exam 
Well 
Which college ? 
The professor there wants me to go there earlier 
University of Delaware , University of Delaware , it 's next to capital Washington 
I know 
You know ? 
Its company law is quite famous 
It turns out as expected [ expression ] ! 
Ah , you really are a teacher [ expression ] 
Should say it features in company lawmaking 
Yes , there are a lot of branch establishment of multinational companies 
Do you have lessons in Beijing before July 11th ? 
Yes 
Sorry , I was busy with visa just now . When ? 
Haw ...... [ I 'm so sleepy | wo n't do ] , I 'm going to bed , I really ca n't open my eyes . I will contact you next time when I 'm online 
Beile did you change your password ? 
=No 
No 
I ca n't get on 
Recently have you been going on your number at night ? 
No. 
My little brother =perhaps .
Ugh 
Try going on =again .
The password did n't change 
There is always someone opposing me 
Got on 
Ha ha 
Yeah yeah .. No problem . I still have things to do . I 'll go offline first ha 
Bye bye 
I got ta run 
Yeah yeah .. 
I just suddenly realized you have to go on a business trip today . I have n't prepared your medication yet . Forgot the razor too , right ? 
Yeah , the medicine , I thought I 'd be back in one day , so I did n't take it 
It ’s true I forgot the razor 
It was I who did n't make the correct preparations . I kept feeling that it was tomorrow 
Remember to take along your heart medication 
Yeah 
Boarded the plane 
What time is it taking off ? What time will you arrive ? 
Tell me when you land 
It 's cold over there . I 'm afraid you 'll catch a cold 
Arriving at ten past four . Do n't know if it 'll be later 
Close your eyes and get some rest on the plane 
Do n't look at the computer 
Yeah 
When you come back tomorrow , remember to save some snacks from the plane for [ Rabbit | Tutu ] 
I ’m at the airport 
Two o'clock flight 
You can arrive at three - thirty , right ? What are your plans ? 
I ’m regretting it now . It ’d be good to bring a short - sleeved shirt . It 's so hot 
My neck is covered in sweat 
I ’m treating someone to dinner this evening 
Will come back after the meal 
OK 
[ Rabbit | Tutu ] is going to class today 
Do you think we should go to Dongba tomorrow or the next day ? 
How about the day after tomorrow ? 
Call them now 
My mom and dad ? 
Is [ Rabbit | Tutu ] taking a bath the day after tomorrow ? 
Yeah 
Tomorrow is fine too . It 's been three days 
Right , wo n't you call and tell them in advance ? 
OK 
Tell them we 're not bringing food back 
OK 
I wo n't be around at all next week 
Let me know when you land 
Shanghai ? 
OK 
Yeah 
Today [ Rabbit | Tutu ] wore the outfit sent by the Hong Konger . The blue short - sleeved one with the tie , matched with white pants . So handsome 
When she came back in the evening it was black pants 
The plane will be delayed 
Approximately what time ? 
Delayed by half an hour , probably 
I have landed 
That ’s so great 
30 degrees Celsius today 
Heavy winds 
Taking a taxi back to the office ? 
=Took the Airport Express Train 
Sister Zhou 
I ’m here 
Went to the hospital today . The doctor advised me , why do n't we go directly for a Caesarean ? 
[ Boo hoo | 55 ] 
OK 
I think it 's good 
Said my uterine thickness is at a critical number . It ’s risky if I ca n't make it to a good doctor in time 
It ’s safer this way 
In that case I 'll go for the operation next Monday , I ’m nervous 
So soon ? 
It 's nothing . At that time , I was detained there while having a check - up , and gave birth before I knew what was going on 
I may come and see you on Saturday 
OK 
I 'll basically not go out over the weekend 
I 'll ask them if they want me to bring stuff or if they 'll do it themselves 
The doctor said , it ’s also fine if I go tomorrow . I said , no , I 'm nervous 
You have me , do n't be scared 
Li Yun and Shu Qi said they 'll also come on the weekend , but did n't tell me the time . You will ask the two of them ? 
OK 
How about you bring the baby along ? How lively , hahaha 
If it ’s the weekend , I may be able to accompany you 
Worth considering 
The director is not there on the weekend . I must have this director perform the surgery 
Monday is May 13th . Homonym for “ I want to give birth ” . Pretty good 
Wow , it has this meaning too 
Haha 
[ Rabbit | Tutu ] is 6 - 16 , right ? 
Yes 
6 - 16 is easy to remember 
Originally 5 - 15 is easy to remember too 
Yes , I wanted to wait till 5 - 15 at first , but as soon as the doctor spoke I did n't dare to =wait longer 
Listen to the doctor then 
By the way , Sister Zhou , there 's a question I never understood 
And that is how to raise the indoor humidity 
Use the humidifier 
The humidifier does n't seem to be of use either 
Was there sufficient humidity in your home when you gave birth to [ Rabbit | Tutu ] ? 
My home is particularly dry , sigh 
At that time it was dryer and hotter than now , but we actually did n't bother about these things 
Why do n’t you pour some water on the floor ? 
Plant some more flowers 
OK , I 'll try to use water to mop the floor everyday 
My throat has been hoarse since my pregnancy and did n't start improving until these past few days 
It could be excessive internal heat 
Sister Zhou , the plans ca n't keep up with the changes . My waters suddenly broke last night at three o'clock and I was hauled to the hospital . I do n’t know yet if it will be natural or Caesarean , waiting on the doctor now . No one needs to come over to the house tomorrow . I 'll tell you after I have given birth .
Huh ? 
Do n't be nervous 
Back then , it was also suddenly declared to me that a C - section was necessary 
Which hospital are you in ? 
Yeah , the contractions are still very weak 
If you give birth I 'll come see you at the hospital tomorrow 
Huilongguan branch of Jishuitan Hospital 
The hospital 's name ? 
In Huilongguan ? 
It ’s a little far . I initially wanted to bring [ Rabbit | Tutu ] 
Yeah , the Jishuitan maternity ward moved to Huilongguan .
Do n't come , they wo n't let children in anyway 
How about I come to your house to visit when you come back . Would that be convenient ? 
Seven years and under are n't allowed in 
What about Doudou ? 
Still going to school ? 
They wo n't let him in either , right ? 
He is going to =sleep over at his classmate ’s home tonight 
I have to wait three days to be discharged from the hospital 
Classmate Miao should be busy 
Classmate Miao is worried he 'll have his hands full . Planning to have Aunt come over after the birth 
I have to go to a meeting . Keep in contact at all times : Text message , [ WeChat mobile text and voice messaging app | WeChat ] , [ QQ Instant Messenger | Q ] 
OK 
[ Go for it | Add oil ] . Do n't be scared . You still have me 
Doudou 's grandma wo n't get to [ Beijing | the capital ] until tomorrow 
Haha , Classmate [ Fruit | Guoguo ] , good afternoon indeed 
Pretty chubby . The facial features are very handsome 
What time was the Caesarean ? 
Do n't go on [ QQ Instant Messenger | Q ] today . Rest well 
Really a lot of hair 
The eyes are very long 
Rosy lips 
Looks like [ one month old | full month ] 
OK 
Ten - thirty 
Are you awake ? Do n't type anymore . I already told Li Yun the good news 
Back from your business trip ? 
Yes 
I 'd like to ask whether your family 's darlings are all getting trained in writing essays at Walk towards PKU ? 
Nope 
They did n't go this semester 
I do n't think it is of any use 
and the kids still have to write essays when they come back home 
So no more training in writing essays ? 
No more 
When they come home , they still have to write essays and read 
Everything is just to go through the motions 
Not very meaningful 
We are also the same 
so we canceled the essay writing 
Getting trained in essay writing is also super time - consuming 
One essay per week 
as well as reading 
Where is there any time to do it ? 
We also got extremely bad scores in the midterm language arts exams 
A complete mess in reading and essay writing 
Is it English ? 
Yes 
Have you learned phonetics in English yet ? Is it too early to learn it now ? 
Not yet 
Just learned grammar 
Grammar is even harder , poor kids [ emoticon ] 
=After a year , a few simple ones are finally clarified a bit 
The simple present tense , the present continuous tense , and the past continuous tense 
Just these three , =after a year 
By the way , how many contest participant certificates for Chu Talent Cup can Walk towards PKU give ? 
I do n't know 
I 'm just not interested in this issue 
Our essay writing is also just so - so 
Neither of them stands out in school 
Where is Xinhui Essay Writing ? 
Is it over there at the Fruit Lake ? 
Yes 
Oh , I have n’t received the notice yet 
It took me a long time before I got to understand 
I thought our activity next time is to kill river porpoises 
Hahaha 
There is Mafia again on Saturday afternoon 
Will you go 
Not Mafia 
But Escaping the Room 
OK , actually I wanted to go =very much , but my whole family will go to see my uncle on Saturday , I do n’t know until when it will last , so I may not be able to go 
Oh 
OK 
It does n’t matter 
There will surely be such activities in the future 
Hehe 
Yali , how are you doing ? 
How you feel after you have started working ? Liu Li and I were talking about you just [ 1 ] a couple of days ago . Leave me messages when you are free 
The second semester on my end has finished . But I am still lost , I do not know what I am supposed to do when I graduate 
The issues with language is not going to be fixed within a year or two . I 'd rather die than doing research and development 
I have just waken up , just saw it 
I am fine . Our department is not responsible for the product line . We only do technology study during the earlier stage , that 's why it is not tiring . It is not as tiring as it is described .
I 'm inclined to stay here for a longer term , hehe . If I am in the product line , it will be exhausting .
It feels the same here as being in school , relationships among us are super easy , people are happy to help 
I think you will be fine . You should have a big potential in sales right ? The salaries for sales are very high , as well . And it toughens you 
As a matter of fact , you do not have to worry about you knowing nothing . There will be training sessions when you join the company .
But mainly you have to learn on your own . Learn while you are working on projects . Choose based on your interests , no need to worry about other things , hehe . [ 1 ] It 's the client 's call , but I think this is better .
Have you bought your ticket yet ? 
Yes , I have bought it 
Is it car ? 
Does it arrive at south bus station ? 
CRH train 
It arrives at Hongqiao 
Right , CRH train is much faster 
When will you arrive then ? 
A quarter past three 
It 's so early 
There are less CRH train in city station 
South railway station is too far away 
Yes , now there are more high - speed trains 
High - speed train is expensive 
How much is CRH train ? 
Then will you directly go to West Nanjing Road ? 
That 's too early 
50 
High - speed train is 20 yuan more expensive 
How about you come to me first then ? 
Does your classmate get off work later ? 
My classmate asked me to walk around her company 
Where is her company ? 
Around Hongqiao 
It 's so close 
Ok then , how can I find you tomorrow then ? 
Do you have my cell phone number ? 
Shall we go singing tomorrow night ? 
Yes , I do 
Then let 's contact each other through SMS 
They basically all get off work at 6 o'clock 
You just called , right ? 
Yup 
Have n't you opened up WeChat ? 
Yes , I have 
Then probably you have n't bound it with cell phone or QQ 
I get off work early , so you had better come to me first , besides , my place is nearer to Nanjing Road 
Haha 
I have yours 
Oh oh , I have I have 
Get in touch again tomorrow then ? 
Ok 
Ok 
Ah Ran , how is the matter that you helped me to ask , I am waiting for your reply 
The Education Bureau has n’t published the policy yet , Elder Brother Guang 
Well , OK , I am expecting the news any time 
OK , let me confirm again , is the registered permanent residence of the kid and parents in Yang Guang 100> 
Right 
Do you have the real estate certificate of Yang Guang 100 ? 
Yes 
The real estate certificate should no longer in your possession if you have sold the house , right ? 
I still have it 
If you have all these things , there should be no big problem 
There are some disputes , so I kept the real estate certificate when selling the house 
The real estate certificate proves that you have a house in Yang Guang 100 , the registered permanent residence proves that you live in this community 
My leader says you should be qualified in this case 
[ emoticon ] But I actually do n’t live there , I am just afraid of on - site visiting 
It should be OK 
That ’s good , then 
The policy for this year has n’t been decided yet , I do n’t know if other materials are required 
I am trusting this with you , LOL 
Tell me if any other material is required 
The on - site visiting is OK , I ’ll handle it for you , our own kid wo n’t be affected by any kind of visit , rest assured 
LOL LOL , that ’s easy , then 
I can rest assured as long as you are on it 
LOL 
That ’s for sure , LOL~ 
Hoho , take your time and wash slowly 
Ke Xin , how are you lately ? 
Have you finished washing ? 
Buried in all sorts of troubles 
Yes , I have finished washing ... 
Yes ? You are going to graduate , right ? So are you busy ? 
I dare not reply to that extremely beautiful and superbly moving letter that you wrote 
Alas , it was not that exaggerating , I just had this whim and could not help writing to you 
I just submitted the dissertation proposal yesterday 
[ emoticon ] Like this ...... ? 
Cheer up , then~~ 
I 've been trying hard to look for an internship during the summer holiday 
Summer holiday internship ? You can earn a lot of money in New Oriental during the summer holiday 
My younger sister is planning to take the TOEFL exam in the summer holiday 
I am helping her voluntarily 
Well , your own sister or your cousin ? 
Therefore I want to ask you for the teaching materials of the Score Improvement Class 
My cousin 
I do n't have any 
I plan to go directly for a job after graduation next year 
I am not planning to work full time at the New Oriental 
So what will you say to New Oriental this summer ? 
Therefore , although I also feel pitiful , I might not be able to earn money during this summer vacation 
But it ca n't be helped 
Right 
About the Score Improvement Class , I am not teaching this class right now so I do n't have the latest predictive teaching materials 
I 'll just tell them I wo n't be here this summer ... 
I do n't need the predictive materials 
Just the brick - thick teaching materials 
I only have reading materials 
Mainly because of the TPO texts in them 
They are relatively good . Right right , of course I only want the reading materials from you 
Just like that I only have the oral materials 
You just asked me for listening materials 
Oops , I was wrong 
Do you have oral materials for the exam in June ? 
Because I am taking the exam in June 
My materials seem to date until May only . I 'll ask Zhang Zhiyong for the materials 
I 'll give them to you once I have them 
OK 
Do you want the word version ? 
The same content , only that we have another version besides word format 
OK 
Reading is easy , you can just let her do the questions , and ask you if she has any doubts or questions , then explain to her 
When I see all those blanks on the materials 
I have no idea how to fill them 
?? Ca n't be 
I did n't see clearly ... 
Besides , you can go through the " Expanded Reading " part in the reading materials if you have time , if you do n't have time , simply skip it , this part is placed there simply as decoration , and is rarely useful for the exam 
Are there any basic skills about reading that I should tell her ? 
Mainly the predictive contents , glossary and TPO 
I have completely no idea how to explain reading questions to her . I always jump to the questions directly ... 
My sister is just in the junior high school 
I do n't know where to start with 
Well , to say in one sentence : read more and then you are familiar with it 
Well ... It 's a bit hard for junior high school students . Why is she taking the TOEFL exam in junior high school ? Is she going to senior high school in the US ? 
Probably . Anyway she just wants to take the exam in the summer vacation 
It depends on the situation 
... Kids nowadays ... 
You are really a good sister , sparing =time to help your younger cousin from your busy schedule 
time 
I do n't have a choice . I ca n't simply tell her to go and attend a training class ... 
Right , you will know how to explain reading questions after going through the OG , she might feel that going through the OG is troublesome , too difficult , and time consuming , so you can read the OG first and then tell her the essential parts 
LOL lOL [ emoticon ] 
Do you have answers for the score improvement materials ? 
Well , no , our reading teachers have the answers in their head ; they have done it many times so they know everything . Wait a second , I 'll give you some materials 
Luckily you 've reached me early so I can send them to you in time 
This includes reading + translation + answers for 24 TPO exams 
Including OG reading 
LOL 
Good , you are so nice . I basically have n't done any TPO reading at all 
Although the Score Improvement Materials are classified according to subjects , the selected TPOs are in the " Gold Reading " folder , you might need to search for them 
I 'm saying that you need to identify the specific TPO before you can see the answer 
Understood 
Thank you , honey 
You are so welcome , you always help me when I 'm in need , too 
Glad I can be of any help 
I ca n't provide any substantial help 
Do n't be modest , did n't you give me the templates ? 
Then , if you could have the latest oral predictive materials from Zhang Zhiyong , I need to trouble you again 
Well , I 'll give you everything I can afford 
I 've just send an email to Teng Da 
They both should have the materials 
Good 
OK 
No problem 
I 'll talk to you when I 'm free 
OK 
Are you going abroad ? 
Well ... yes , I intended to meet you tomorrow and then tell you afterwards , but I 've been really busy lately . I am going to US for the doctor 's degree in July 
Congratulations honey~ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Which school ? 
University of Delaware 
LOL , one of my former students went there for the bachelor 's degree 
Such a coincidence ! 
Are you going to read law ? 
I 'm going to read criminology 
My favorite~~ ! 
Criminology is my favorite 
Honey you are so great 
Thank you ! [ emoticon ] Look , we are so destined to be linked together 
I do n't know , I need to work hard there 
Does criminology belong to the law school or sociology ? 
I would definitely go to the US to visit you in the future if I have the chance ! 
Of course ! You must remember that you have me as your friend in the US .
Certainly . You must send me postcards after you go there~~ ! 
Delaware is very near US capital Washington DC , it is a tax free state with very beautiful sceneries , I 'll be studying there for four years , you must come visit me if you have a chance 
Then I 'll send postcards back to you 
LOL 
Of course ! Do you also love it ? I love it , too 
Criminology belongs to sociology 
Honey you are really so outstanding 
Wish you excellent academic achievements there ! 
Keep busy on your business 
I 'm going to sleep now~~~We are definitely coming out together before you leave . Let 's drink until we get drunk 
OK , we surely will 
So that 's settled 
Good night honey 
Where have you suddenly come from ? 
Oh , I meant we have n’t talked for quite a few days 
Haha 
I showed you last time , did n’t I 
There are some in my space 
Gutian 
Good body , when shall we meet ? 
I only have time on Sunday afternoon 
Where is Erqi Road ? 
Gutian Si Road 
Do you have time tonight ? I ’ll drive to see you 
Today we have a big meeting for the whole bureau , in the evening we will have a group dinner 
The Statistics Bureau 
It is hard to say about that 
It might be very late 
The traffic is better late , let ’s meet 
Where shall we meet ? 
Where you are 
Gutian Si Road ? 
OK 
If it ’s too late then we ’ll forget it , OK ? 
Mm , OK .
Oh ? 
=Are you there ? 
I want to register for the GRE at the Xinjiang University Test Center directly . I ’ll prepare for the Listening and the Speaking in passing during summer holidays and after school starts ( early September ) .
The first TOEFL will be taken on October 12 
The second one will be taken on November 9 . Will this work ? 
, .
I ’ll go home at the end of August 
I ’ll use my grace period to the fullest extent 
It ’s because I ’ve added an arrangement to join a program at the University of Chicago . Therefore , all the plans are pushed back 
Haha , not bad 
At any rate , I ’m here already 
I do n’t want to go back to school 
Lalalala 
You ’re too delighted to be homesick 
Not really 
In fact , my unwillingness to go back is an escape from looking for a job and writing thesis in disguise 
I ’m worried to death 
Teacher Zhou just came to our office and asked where the traditional Chinese rice - puddings were 
Teacher Yuan came to ask just now 
Teacher Shi said he forgot that they were in the cabinet 
What happened next ? 
Teacher Zhou was not pleased , but he did n't say anything 
He surely was 
None of my business 
There should be a rule afterwards , you do n't get anything if you are not here . Be here first 
Otherwise where shall we put them ? 
Teacher Zhou said , next time take them home and eat them 
They do n't have any old colleagues who would help look after it 
Such a utilitarian world 
We should be good to each other , and take care of each other in the future 
Right right 
Well , intellectuals 
I can not stand it 
LOL 
Well , we 'll just take good care of ourselves 
Correct 
What have you been busy about recently , Section Chief Wang ? 
Deputy Section Chief Wang 
What have you you been busy recently , Da Da ? 
Taking care of the baby 
LOL LOL 
Me , too 
The same with Er Nian 
Right 
We are all in this stage of life 
Yes 
I am playing Long Yin San Guo 
Idiotic Mei is the only one who ’s enjoying leisurely university life 
You must have a very high level now , right ? 
How much money have you spent on it ? 
Nope 
I just played a while using his account 
LOL 
I rarely watch those stuff after playing Long Yin San Guo 
Er Nian occasionally plays other football games 
I ’m out of it , too 
I know 
(( I hear that HDFC is still playing )) 
You have even changed your password 
Yes 
I have spent a lot , again 
Others are playing it for him 
Really ? I have n’t changed it 
It has been changed 
Is your account stolen ? 
I do n’t think so 
I do n’t know , I do n’t care 
Oh 
Me , too 
I played Long Yin San Guo 
And spent 1,000 RMB on it 
LOL 
I have changed my job 
I know 
Er Nian told me 
From where to where ? 
From the garage to the 4S shop 
Is n’t this a good thing ? 
I did n’t feel so before 
Fuck , neither of these two jobs looks like belonging to a public institution 
But after I came out and joined this group , I felt it was a good thing 
The garage was a subordinate unit of a public institution 
Right now it ’s just like this , you do n’t know whether fortune or mischief is awaiting on your next step 
Not after you have stepped out 
Oh 
Right 
I need to work harder 
Do you have any hidden income in this place ? 
You would be awesome if you could become manager of a 4S Shop 
No 
Then work harder and become a Shop Manager 
Is n’t it a 4S Shop ? 
Is it called a Shop Manager ? 
Call it whatever 
Hoho 
I ’ll catch you later 
I ’ll go check the =machine parts 
It 's still a bit cold , huh ? 
Yeah , when are you coming ? 
It looks like I have no choice but to come over , many people at NARI know I 'm coming over , I do n't know how they learned , ha ha 
That should n't be the case , if I knew a while ago I would 've said , then you would have come over sooner .
Ha ha , you 're in the tropics there , it ca n't be so cold , right ? 
It rained the past couple days , and turned cool all of a sudden , but there 's still people wearing shorts and short - sleeve shirts .
Foreigners have thick fat , they 're cold resistant 
My fat is also thick , but it 's no good . [ expression ] 
You 'll still have to wait another month , huh ? 
Yeah , this is the instruction the leaders gave me , everybody will disperse next week .
Will Old Yu also go ? 
Yes 
You can ask him =again 
Poor Tuotuo , just one person ten thousand miles away in a foreign country 
Actually , the one that should return the most is me , my English is the worst . It ’s the same as if I did n't speak it 
That 's wrong , is n't there to be a connection meeting on the 27th ? Can he make it ? 
They may send others over , or perhaps nobody will come .
Do n't say I said so 
In this wave of yours which one can directly communicate with foreigners without hindrances ? 
Old Yu is pretty good , another of their guys that 's a Ph . D at Shandong University is also pretty good , they are all ok . I 'm no good .
You 're being humble , actually language is just a tool , for technical communication you still have to have good technical skills 
The English of the several from NARI in Brazil should be good , otherwise would n't it be hard to communicate about technology ? 
Language is a tool 
Ugh , back home I protested with the leaders , my English is no good , and doing the Brazil projects are tiresome , 
The final result was the leader hired an English tutor , in the end I had n't finished 1 week before beginning the trip .
Over here English is still very important , and our translator does not understand specialized terminology .
Ha ha , studying in this way was purely a farce , a waste of money .
Right , when are you coming to Brazil ? 
Initially the 24 - 25th , I really do n't want to go alone , 
You 're coming in a hurry , you 're meeting at curitiba , not in Rio .
So how will you go to curitiba ? 
Will go over by plane from Rio 
Is it very far ? 
Oh , very close , near St. Paul 
About as far as Beijing to Zhengzhou 
Oh , it 's fairly close to St. Paul , there are no highways here , and few trains .
When do you plan to depart , there should be people from NARI going , right ? 
The 25th or 26th , still a weekend , it 's not easy to get plane tickets on the weekend .
It seems that the Nanrui Group has a person in Rio , I do n't know what his name is .
I do n't know , today Old Yu talked to him , he is a little short 
And fat , his English is good , he was an English major 
Right 
Your English is also not bad 
To tell you the truth , it 's not that my languages are so good , it 's just that I did 9 years of research : ) , 
I understand a bit of specialized terminology 
Really not bad , I 'm envious [ expression ] 
That you were selected is good , as for your future career path , it is wider 
I do n't want to be promoted , I am a person that does n't have ambition .
It ’s a problem of reality , as long as I have something to eat , and am a useful person , I just believe this anyway .
If I wanted to be promoted , I 'd have to get closer to the leader , you understand 
I 'll tell you a joke , my classmate heard I was continually on business trips , even going abroad , 
In a sentence he said , you 'll not be promoted , 
Because , if the leader wants to make great use of you , he hope 's you 'll be nearby 
That 's right , and I think it 's very tiresome , I 'll just rely on my technical skills to make sure I have something to eat .
Not necessarily , you may get promoted one of these days .
Ha ha , we should mutually encourage each other ! Great mind think alike ! 
Yeah , when you should work hard you need to work hard .
Right , are you working overtime on the weekend ? 
Yes , there are many matters that need to be completed , your bid ; 
There are also several national adjustments and network matching projects , several power using projects … . , 
You really are quite busy , I actually thought it was just me that was working hard , he he 
We 're all busy , and the officials are busy with social engagements ; 
=Fairly busy with conjectures ; we 're busy working : ) 
Ha ha , you hit it right on the nail , I 'm laughing to death .
You currently should also be an official ? 
If not I am , if yes then yes 
I think only the institute management cadres are , all the others do work , 
The department managers , supervisors are the heads of the workers , do n't think of yourself as anything , I 've seen so many general supervisors , vice chief engineers , just a change from a leader , if they say you are n't one you are n't , 
You 've analyzed it very thoroughly , we 're the same here , the Smart Power Grid Research Institute is going to split , perhaps pretty soon we 'll belong to the same group .
Right , there 's also been rumors that the NARI that originally went to the China Electrical Sciences Institute is going to come back 
Flip flopping I think , as long as they do n't lower wages then it has no affect on us .
In reality they 're going to lower them , is 100 thousand in 2010 comparable to 100 thousand now ? 
No , now consumer prices are so high , and housing prices are so expensive .
Right , if you go to Brazil , if you 're coworker is n't there , I can get you a hotel and plane tickets .
If you 're in Rio I 'll also be responsible for picking you up .
OK , when the time comes I 'll contact you , 
What are you busy with 
If I arrive on the 24th can I go together with you ? 
I just went to the shore side to run a bit .
Security is not bad 
Your information from just now reached my pad , I 'll look again at the dates you said 
I 'll arrive approximately on the 24th , I think I 'm arriving at 14:30 , what day are you leaving ? 
Let me look at the calendar 
That works , we 're going on the 25th or 26th .
Are Zhao and Sun from NARI also going ? 
Currently where we 're staying , it 's not a problem going out by yourself during the day 
I do n't know , I do n't know them .
They should be , I 'll ask them 
Yes , the last meeting at curitiba we stayed at the same hotel .
Oh , you mean the day , 
I got it wrong , I thought you went outside to walk at night 
Yes , you are n't still at the company are you ? 
It is currently 10:09 for me 
No , we finished the meeting this afternoon 
No , the time difference with Beijing is 11 hours .
When are you returning to China ? 
I do n't know myself , we initially set it for the 10th 
All about the same .
Are you still going through Dubai ? 
Yes , which airline are you taking ? 
However , you will probably be going to Shanghai , right ? 
Today I am changing my return ticket 
Is that so 
Going alone .
Oh , I expect to be coming and going by myself , it 's very hard to endure 
It 'll also just me when returning , its fine once you 're used to it , ha ha .
I 've always been like this , but last time there were many coming back from Iran , and I thought it was nice 
Coming here I felt that the plane was always flying at night .
It seemed everybody was sleeping or watching movies , it seemed nobody was talking .
You 're not alone in spirit , 
If people are with you 
Ha ha 
I am hesitating on which day to book , if its returning for the holiday the leader will think it 's too early , if =any later I 'll think I wo n't be able to go home for the holiday .
Ha ha , do n't think too much about it , just come back after finishing your work , why the need to always worry about them 
That ’s right , first book according to the extension of 30 days , if coming back early then alter the visa =again .
[ Fuck | I lean ] ! You did n't treat me to a meal on your birthday last year 
Not giving a treat this year either ? 
Make up for it next time I go to Wuhan 
When would that be ? 
Possibly in August or September . If nothing unexpected happens I 'll resign at that time 
[ What | Mess with wool ] ? We might go out to have fun during the summer vacation 
Do you have time ? 
I ’m in the midst of discussing the resignation issue with my family . I currently estimate that it 'll be in August or September , it ’s still hard to say specifically 
[ Yikes | Forehead ] , you 're not getting younger this year either 
Find some job stability soon 
Yeah 
Think about what you like to do and what you 're suited to do 
Could it be that you are still thinking of WCG ? 
WCG is already no longer unreliable , I need T13 , dear 
I ca n’t even do all - nighters anymore , stopped thinking about it long ago 
Are you very busy at work now ? 
I have n't even seen you play much 
Preparing to set up a small store , so I want to resign 
What small store ? 
Taobao ? 
Work is very leisurely , but it is time - consuming 
Yeah 
I think that this is not very good 
Whittling away one ’s youth 
A physical store 
Not as good as playing 
Taobao is n't reliable . It 's too late to enter it now 
Oh 
Yeah . After I resign I 'll go on a cycling trip to Tibet , and then start preparing the small store 
Fuck , you would n’t get altitude sickness on your trip to the plateau and then [ game over | good game ] , would you ? 
[ I | Laozi ] would n't go to such places even if you beat me to death 
I 've been planning this matter during this time at work , and got a little rough idea , so it ’s only now that I ’m discussing the resignation with my family 
Yeah 
Basically I do n't get any altitude sickness 
I feel that 
The feeling you give me 
That type of work which Brother Feng engages in 
Would it be more suitable ? 
In fact , if I was n’t in this profession , I may also be more inclined toward that type of work 
Cycling on the Sichuan - Tibet Line is generally 28 days from Chengdu to Lhasa . Unlike by car , where you traverse thousands of meters above sea - level all at once , there basically wo n’t be any altitude sickness 
After all , others have studied for several years 
That major 
Others spent approximately 30 percent of their time studying math in high school . [ I | Laozi ] spent 80 percent of my time studying math 
Plus college and things before that 
In fact , I originally wanted to be a worker , that sort from nine to five 
Where your interest lies 
Doing technical work ? 
It has value too 
Yeah , I feel I ’m nevertheless very satisfied with this job 
Unfortunately , once you are n't careful , you 'll fall into a pit 
The income , preferences , and break times are all good 
So that ’s why I just had other ideas 
It 's pretty rare to find one which is you like 
So those like you are very rare … 
Besides you made all those efforts back then . Why did I go and play at that time ? 
I do n't know where the confidence comes from either 
It has been quite smooth along the way 
Look at you , you already had such a high sense of awareness when young 
It ’s also quite worrisome 
Lately I ’ve been feeling regretful too , it has already been one year 
But things have remained the same while the people have changed 
But even if I could go back to before , I still would n't study seriously 
Yeah 
People who are sensible will seldom feel regret in general 
However , there are some other things that are rather regrettable 
Because before making major decisions , one has to undergo careful consideration 
... Sometimes it 's one 's own lack of capability which causes unclear judgment 
It ’s fine as long as you learned your lesson 
I think this is the way I am anyway 
I was hesitant when I was playing solo previously , always worrying about what to do in the future , and yet I wanted to continue practicing 
As a result , I was rather deceived in the later stage 
You should find a girl now 
? 
I ca n't even take care of the imperial harem 
Saves one from [ sentimental sorrow | =grieving over the advent of spring and autumn ] 
Anyway , bosom buddies wo n’t be able to stop your family from worrying 
That 's indeed true 
My family and relatives are talking about blind dates every day now 
Such a [ headache | deadly big head ] 
I 've =thought it over 
With a man or a girl ? 
I went and said outright , I ca n't possibly treat a person I 've just met for a few days better than a bosom buddy of seven years 
Start from regular friends 
Wo n't others be very hurt then ? 
Saying this when you meet 
Why would they be hurt ? There should n't be any emotion when we first meet , right ? 
Actually this is a two - sided =issue , they are of different types , so you ca n't compare them together 
Then the problem is , if you see a better girl , can you immediately shift your affections to another love ? 
Love at first sight is very rare 
I reckon it 's like =winning five million 
I never believed in this in the first place 
So what if it is love at first sight ? I firmly believe that if you love long enough , you will see a person 's heart 
That is absolutely correct 
But bosom buddies and girls are not the same in terms of emotional expression … 
Yeah , that 's true 
I 'm going straight back . Get lost properly , I wo n’t see you off 
It 's mainly that I do n't really understand ordinary people 's needs 
Ordinary people just need to eat till full and drink enough 
Then ca n't I just randomly find anyone to spend my life with me ? 
It ’s merely that the majority of people have some special needs 
Maybe there are some with a taste for the hardcore 
I prefer confrontations of the mind 
Math , chess , games 
They are all very good forms 
There is a certain requirement for eating , but it 's not considered too high either . My income is completely able to support it 
Emotions are slowly nurtured . Feelings happen in a split second .
… Forget it . I really do n't understand 
I do n't understand it at all , 
Find Brother Tie for advice 
Brother Tie , I think that 
Speaks too vaguely 
It ’s just a deception 
Having spoken is the same as not having spoken 
I 'm starting to play alone from zero now 
My success rate playing alone is higher than in a group . It ’s the same if I do n’t choose Phoenix 
Moreover it will be more pleasurable to play , and I can play in the first position 
Deceived by [ Expert Zhou | Dazhoushen ] ? 
No. I think Brother Xiao plays very well 
Now I ’d rather have the expert be here every day 
When Brother Xiao is with me he gives me a lot of support anyway 
In fact , sometimes I 'll think 
That 's very good 
Why do you want to play together ? 
Just because you ca n't let go of this relationship ? 
Perhaps other people are only used to you buying chickens , used to you assisting 
Used to being protected 
Yet they wo n't make any sacrifices for you 
It ’s just like working , I guess . One company has different types of work 
All the ones whom we know have fun 
It 's all in order for the company to do well , for the common goal 
The opponent may be very powerful . There =is losing and winning in group battles 
I reckon it would take a rare bosom buddy to be able to walk together with us to the end 
Some people do it for the ending , some people do it for the enjoyment of the process 
In real life , faced with the company ’s interests and one ’s own interests 
Most of the time , would n’t the latter be chosen instead ? 
Such a person like Brother Xiao is still in the minority . He may have rushed to the front early on and did all that he could do 
As a matter of fact , with regards to work , I generally wo n't let others feel deceived , but I wo n't exceed expectations very much either 
Yeah . Put oneself on a suitable position , and you also avoid some internal struggles with your own people 
Good enough is just right 
But it 's not a fixed team , we are often with strangers 
Why do I feel that strangers know good and bad more than [ friends who play together as a group | open black ] ? 
Strangers often want to add me when we finish playing 
Everyone does n’t have a fixed position . Blind devotion is not necessarily good , but behaving with integrity is difficult to come by 
If I assist strangers , I often protect C [ with money and experience so others ca n't do nothing to you | no solution experience ] , or divide the games into two directions 
Brother Xiao is truly of prime quality 
Amazing 
What is a bosom buddy ? For being used to deceive 
This is too 
What about Brother Tie then ? 
Worrying about this and that with strangers 
I ’m a little at odds with him recently 
[ Fuck | I lean ] ! Why did you stop talking ? I 'm going to sleep 
Being together with bosom buddies , letting your own people watch your back , you can do whatever you like 
Working now , 
Night shift today 
… You get busy , I ’m going to sleep 
Are you there ? [ Emoticon ] 
The big boss is not there ? 
How are we supposed to do here , =did you talk about it ? 
Here 
Sigh , they are always dragging on 
Here 
No 
You left ? You have gone out ? 
The big boss is gone again 
did not talk about things related to Beijing recently 
Um , in any case I have left the office 
Actually I am not willing to go to Shanghai , either 
No 
But they had to let me go 
I was not the one who was responsible for the exhibition . What 's more , my suggestions were not primarily taken into account .
is it Lao wei ? 
Are you coming down ? 
how are we supposed to with the exhibition if you are not coming ? 
Hehe , it is good to study , it is fulfilling 
All of you are going ? 
Who is the person who is in charge of the exhibition ? 
Who is the general director ? 
what are you studying about ? 
I am busy booking tickets . Will go to Beijing for the seminars in the end of this month 
Hehe , you are all elites 
Me , Xie Qin , Manager Wei , Manager Lu , Manager Jiang 
Only five people 
We have spent all the money on training , will not go to the classes .
It is still about Performance management and stock system reform 
Hehe , learning is always right . But we do not know how the execution goes after the learning , nor do we know anything about the implementation .
The big boss really does not begrudge the money spent on learning . It is just there are no big changes after the learning .
Hehe , find [ some foreign experts | monks from overseas ] 
It is not only about implementation , it is that those things that we learn [ are not suitable for our company | The climate of the place does not agree with one ] .
The signs show that looks like next step Xie Qin will be the vice president 
Hehe 
I am not considered , I am a person who has been fired .
Did n't you say we are [ as close as sisters | dry sisters ] 
We have got nothing but vice presidents in our company 
As long as it is anyone who is related by blood , he is a vice president 
I have never been admitted , resignation can not even be counted .
Are n't you counted as one , either ? 
You quit 
Come down , then we will chat 
Your office has two many people , therefore there are too many other opinions 
Haha , right 
Ok 
Are you there ? Send me your contract . Let me take a look 
Do you need it now ? 
Do you have it ? Let me take a look 
I ’ll give you mine to take a look as well 
There is a 5 % that I did n’t see . Why is it so ? When will it be paid ? 
It will be paid after the acceptance check 
Oh , what if he does n’t check and accept ? 
Your contract is too simple 
Finish reading it first 
There is explanation later 
I ’ll print it out to read it slowly 
Haha , have you gotten Donghu Tianxia yet ? 
Check to see if the quotation she sent me was yours 
Who sent it ? 
Zhang Fen 
Okay 
Why did she send it to you ? 
Have you closed the deal on Donghu Tianxia yet ? 
I said that I wanted to see other people ’s quotations 
This one was not mine 
Well , his price was not low either 
Allegedly , he can give her a 15 % discount 
I ’m not sure if Zhang Fen was lying 
=I do n’t know how they did that 
That means he can do it for fifteen thousand 
(( Why would he go all out for it if he is not going to make any profits )) 
Hello , this is not in the format of a photo , can you convert it to photo format ? 
I will need this photo for my US visa 
Or can you print a photo based on this PDF ? It is also OK if you can 
OK 
Do you want to print one more plate ? 
Do you have the photo size requirement for US visa ? How much is one more plate ? 
Give me a cheaper price , I often print photos at your store 
You can see me almost every day lately 
Besides , how much is printing one photo ? I can provide the electronic version 
One more question , how much does back - and - white reproduction of one A4 paper cost ? 
Printing one more plate costs 15 RMB . One plate means two 5 * 5 photos 
2 - inch square ( 51 mm x 51 mm ) front view photo 
Only two photos on one plate ? [ emoticon ] 
The one you gave me can not be changed 
The size can not be changed 
Oh , well , forget it then 
Could you come over and take a photo ? 
Can you take photos there ? 
Photo for the US visa ? 
Yes 
20 RMB for one plate , including photo printing 
OK 
OK , please print only the first page of the first file 
And print the entire second file , the Study Plan 
I 'll go fetch it at 7:30 pm 
OK 
Thank you [ emoticon ] 
I 'm sorry , you have n't printed the files yet , have you ? 
Print this version for the second file 
I have printed them already 
Oh , discard the printed one , I need this one 
The name of a professor is altered 
Hello~ I am Xue Ting , Lin Ying ’s friend . I called you yesterday . ~ What you said about house renting was quite useful . I may still need to bother you in the future if there ’s anything I do n’t know . ~ Sorry for adding you to my contact so late in the evening . Wish you all the best . ~ Good night~ 
Do n’t mention it . You are so welcome . So hungry 
OK 
Hello Li Jing , do you want to take some gifts to your family when you go back to your homeland ? 
Sure [ emoticon ] 
I 'll take a huge load of gifts 
So happy [ emoticon ] , would you mind sharing the shopping list ? 
Bags , perfumes , jewels , watches , soaps , skin care products , cosmetics 
Well , good kid . But why do n't you take some tonic products for your family ? Multivitamins , collagen , etc. are good for the health of you parents and grandparents , 
Well , I guess you can hardly drag them home when you go back 
You even bring soaps home , are they Bodyshop products ? 
I have also bought health care products , and yes , shoes , too [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] Nice 
Spend more time experiencing American culture , go out more and have fun in the last two months of this visit ! [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] Yes ! 
Hello 
Oh my , it 's so difficult to find you in the group 
Er , I 'm going to get the visa tomorrow , can I chat with you after getting the visa ? 
I 'm going to get the visa tomorrow too !! 
Ah ! 
Where the hell are you ? 
May , 13th , Beijing , U.S. Embassy 
I 'm in Shanghai 
...... 
Oh , fine 
I 'm in Beijing , it made me excited for quite a while 
I was going to ask you when 
But will you fly to Philadelphia from Shanghai ? 
From Beijing ? 
I 'm supposed to fly from Beijing 
I 'm from Hefei , I just get the visa in Shanghai 
Ok , do you mind we add each other as a friend ? Wish everything goes on well for us tomorrow , then we discuss about us flying to Philadelphia in early July 
=Ok 
What 's your name ? [ emoticon ] I ca n't add you 
Lu Luye 
My name is Liu Mengyang 
Nice to know you 
However I know you are a small bachelor by having a look [ emoticon ] 
Yes 
Ok , let 's go for it together tomorrow 
Ok , let 's go for it 
You there ? 
What are you doing this week ? 
It would be great if I continually held Hanshang or Jinzheng before 
Your Tongfang and Venustech are n't bad .
=Media is really leaving me speechless .
The Development and Reform Bureau comrades are already at Wuhan 
In the morning I 'm getting ready to go to the Statistics Bureau , in the afternoon I 'm going to the Development and Reform Commission 
In the evening the secretary is participating in the dinner 
Oh , going back to Tieshan in the evening ? 
See , you bought Venustech at 13.50 just like me , now it 's risen more than ten percent 
Either is fine 
If you do n't want to go in the evening , you can call a car to get you tomorrow 
It depends on you 
It 's already eleven o'clock in the morning , it 's about time to eat . Can you make it ? 
I do n't care about them 
This morning I 'm joining a school meeting , I also have a meeting in the afternoon , and the company representatives are coming on Wednesday . The president thinks it 's best if I do n't go this week . What do you think ? 
If that 's what the president said , then do n't go 
If I do n't go , who would it be best to ask for leave from ? 
OK .
Then you 're going today ? 
Maybe 
This way the driver does n't need to run around again tomorrow 
Yea , then it will be Little Zhou again next week ? 
If I come back this week , I will be sure to have Little Zhou come 
Find Luo next week 
What do you think ? 
Either way is fine .
He took you to the provincial Tourism Bureau last week , right ? 
Yes . I had some business at the Tourism Bureau .
Did you have any problems ? 
I just had to get the passport approval documents . I waited a while .
Then are the secretary and district head both participating this evening ? 
The district head ca n't come 
She has a test in the evening 
Is n't the district head in Wuhan ? 
Just went out to have a meal 
Why did you eat so late yesterday ? 
Got off the plane , went to the hotel , sorted things out , held a meeting for the employees , arranged today 's work , only then did I go to eat 
How did you sleep last night ? 
Not well at first 
Then afterwards it was fine 
Good night , darling 
How did you sleep last night ? 
Was it a busy morning ? 
Not too good . I was very tired in the morning . My eyes were swollen 
My condition has n't been very good the past few days 
I was very tired during the day yesterday . Walked so much 
Thought I would be able to sleep a little better at night 
As it turned out I was dreaming all night 
The morning was n't actually hectic . Went out the door at 7:10 and punched in . (( I got to the school at 7:36 . )) First one 
[ Rabbit | Tuzi ] is wearing Angry Birds today . Picked it herself 
Teacher Lü said [ Rabbit ’s | Tutu ’s ] dressing style has drastically changed lately 
Were n't there any cars ? You still had to walk ? 
When I called [ Rabbit | Tutu ] the day before yesterday , [ Rabbit | Tutu ] said she wanted to be the first to arrive at the kindergarten 
I found it ’s better if she and I collaborate together . Everything ran smoothly in the morning 
Exhibition show , 180,000 square meters 
Walked all day viewing the exhibitions 
You should walk more 
Waist , legs , and =feet are all aching 
Yeah 
I thought so too 
Just take it as exercise 
I have to leave now 
Have a meal , then go to the conference hall 
OK , I 'm eating eggs 
I ’m really old now 
Ca n't sleep if things are on my mind 
There 's a lecture in the afternoon 
Not a lecture 
Hoho , you must learn to acquiesce to old age 
It 's sitting in front of the rostrum . The host asks questions , and I answer 
The whole night is filled with various questions and answers 
You wo n't be afraid if you 're confident enough 
I 'm especially afraid I wo n't speak well 
Actually , you must not dwell on it . It 's no big deal even if you do n't speak well 
It was n’t like this before 
The psychological burden is very heavy 
You have to be thick - skinned 
There 's a lecture in the morning 
My heart was [ unconfident | no bottom ] , let Wang Zong go and speak 
I was still very nervous the whole day 
I do n't want to [ be humiliated | lose face ] 
(( Come back more often to recharge )) 
Look less at the mobile phone 
You must be full of confidence 
Leaving now 
[ Bye | 8 ] 
Take full advantage of every opportunity to show yourself 
All right , goodbye 
The mobile phone ran out of power 
I ’m sleepy now , going to sleep , good night ! 
[ Honey | Wife ] , I 'm sorry that I startled you 
I wonder how you slept at night ? 
I could n’t sleep 
Hello 
Good morning , hehe 
What exactly do you do on the railways ? 
Ground service type of stuff . I ’m responsible for controlling the operation of passenger trains 
Is that related to dispatch ? 
Mm , it ’s part of dispatch concerning fellow staffs 
You work at Hongshan ? 
Oh 
I have a college friend who works at Hongshan Square 
I think he says he does dispatch as well 
Haha . My work is just related to dispatch . It ’s not the same as at their dispatch center 
Oh 
Hehe 
May I know what your name is ? 
Haha . Very pleased to meet you . Are you at work now , or ? 
Mm , at work 
Oh . I ’m on the night shift today . I ’m just going to put on the rice to cook , chat in a minute 
Sorry , after eating and doing the washing up I just went for my siesta . I ’m just up now 
Does n’t matter 
I have n’t been working long , either 
Haha , you can go home at lunchtime , can you ? 
No , I rest at the office 
Really ? That 's the same as when I ’m on the day shift . Mostly I do n’t like taking a siesta , but when I work I like to have a sleep 
Hehe 
What ’s your late shift like ? 
7 in the evening till 8 in the morning . In the middle , after 1 o’clock , you can have a rest 
Oh 
Right 
So has your office got beds ? 
Hehe 
[ No | wood has it ] . Reclining chairs . Hehe 
In the evening 
Do you lie in the reclining chairs in the evening ? 
That ’s quite tough 
It ’s OK . We work two days and rest two days . If you make it up on the second day , it ’s OK 
That ’s really good 
Hehe 
I ’m going to do some things I have to do 
Mm , you get on with your work now 
I ’m going to work . Chat when I ’m free . 88 
OK 88 
You ca n’t go online when you ’re at work , can you ? 
I can still play with my phone 
But I ca n’t use the internet 
So you have n’t started work ? 
Are you at home ? 
Right , I ’m about do leave now 
Oh , OK , OK . Off you go 
Make sure you ’re not late 
Mm . 88 
Besides Sunshine 100 Elementary School , our city has other schools that provide armature tennis training for student parents ' choice . These schools include : Lixia District Experimental School ( Tornaro Tennis Club Sponsored Training Institute ) , Licheng District Bilingual School , Quancheng High School , Bowen High School , Shunwen High School , etc. 
All is normal 
Doctor Wang is taking the 12 - year - old group to Beijing on the 19th , to participate in the national competition 
Oh , write a report and submit it to me .
Director Qi , I have finished the report and will be submitting it to you soon 
Thank you Bureau Chief Wang , I 'll pass it to Director Zhou shortly .
=Whenever I double - click your icon , the high - definition image of our daughter pops up 
Cool , right ? 
How much does it cost per year ? 
Membership , =over 100 RMB per year 
Over 
Rich man 
Has your Hummer bicycle arrived ? 
Is 100 RMB per year expensive ? 
No , I have n't decided to buy it yet 
Well 
So it is 
Nerd ... 
Do you envy [ my | the elder brother 's ] stature ? 
I 'll soon become like this .
How ? 
Cycle together with the elder brother 
You would n't sell it 
Ca n't you buy a new one yourself ? 
You are already a QQ Red Diamond member , ca n't you afford a bicycle ? ! 
I do n't know how to choose 
I am not a Red Diamond member , thank you 
I can help you 
You are a member anyway 
Within 500 RMB , the load bearing capacity should be at least 200 kg , easy to ride and looks nice 
These are my only requirements 
Big Jin Lu 
You can get one from the second hand market of Dajin Village 
I dare not buy there 
Do n't know the ropes 
Tell me a cheap and effective way 
Run five laps after supper every day at the playground of Track and Field Management Center 
It 's very economic 
Hello He Ting , may I know if your house is still for rent ? 
Yes , what 's up ? 
Hello , are you still there ? 
I have booked the flight ticked for Philadelphia on July 9th . I would like to rent your house for June , is it OK ? 
I 'll rent the master room for one month first , if it turns out fine , we can renew the lease together , otherwise I can move out in August , is this OK to you ? 
I 'll be offline , let 's keep in touch . We can continue to talk tonight ( US time ) 
He Ting , are you there ? [ emoticon ] 
He Ting , if your house has n't been rented out , can you rent it to me between July 9th and August 9th ? I will arrive at Philadelphia airport on the morning of July 9th . [ emoticon ] 
What are you doing ? 
I am putting the little girl to bed 
Hello 
I am someone who Tao Xiaoxiao knows 
Hello senior 
May I make so bold as to ask ? 
Which one of the supervisors in the Department of Orthopedics at Zhejiang University is better , who treats students relatively fair ? 
Hi , I am a bit busy at the moment . I can respond to you a bit later 
May I ask if you have a self - introduction ? 
If it is possible , please send me one copy , that should include the grade of your postgraduate exam and rank 
Um , okay 
I am a graduate . I have just started working since last September . I am a doctor of Otolaryngology Department at Chun'an County Traditional Chinese Medical Hospital . I am currently on a rotating training in Hangzhou 
A friend of mine wants to enroll in the postgraduate program of Orthopedics at Zhejiang University 
That 's why I want to consult the seniors 
I am asking on behalf of him 
If you do n't mind , I just want to have a general idea , just so I can give my advice better 
Um , it 's fine 
Has n't your friend taken the exam ? 
Right 
Right , it 's already May 
He wants to have some ideas first 
Um 
Which direction of Orthopedics is he interested ? 
There is tumour , joint , spine , and trauma 
Spine 
Specializing in spines 
The Second Senior Director Chen 
Does he treat students relatively fair ? 
How does he treat his students ? 
He knows more in research and development , and he follows up students ' studies 
Currently he has a relatively good topic , as well 
A postgraduate , and a phD graduates all retained to work in the hospital from before 
How about his techniques ? 
In clinical he is the [ best | the first hand ] in spines . Just if a postgraduate rotates for too long outside , even if it is a specialized degree , he ought to do a research topic and experiments 
Um 
You can search for his articles , and things alike .
Is he kind to students ? 
And is there any opportunities to go abroad ? 
The ones who are not kind to students are [ weirdoes | exotic flowers ] , at least I have n't encountered any 
How much does it offer as a posgraduate student ? Is there any bonus in the department ? 
It will be hard for postgraduates , there are chances for the phD graduates . But it will also depends on you , otherwise the boss wo n't give you any opportunities to go abroad 
It is estimated to be around 1000 , in addition to the allowances for being on duty and high temperature 
Roughly 50 per class 
That 's something more than 1000 ? 
I do n't know if they had a raise later . It was 300 for a specialized degree holder in 2009 
It has gradually raised recently 
Um , thank you 
Thank you very much1 
You are welcome 
Are you working in orthopedics ? 
Yes 
It is about joint 
Thanks again for telling me so much 
You are welcome 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
Is it OK if I go to Li Yan 's place ? 
Wang says it would be great 
What are you talking about ? 
Be a volunteer at the lab .
Well , I think it 's good to go to hers . Compared with Hai Kun , she has fewer conflicts with you while teaching .
OK 
I know 
Besides , his boss is a big boss , it 's good even if you could ask for a recommendation letter .
Li Yan invites us to her house on the long weekend by the end of May , that is , the Saturday of the next next week . We 'll go in the early morning , have two meals and then come back . Her boyfriend is coming to stay here for ten days next week , and she will officially introduce him to us .
Emma and Xiao Chongchong had great fun that day , we were also relaxed . Nobody plays with Xiao Chong on weekends , so he kept asking for the iPad all day long , Li Yan is therefore very angry at him . It 's good to have two kids play together .
After sending you away on Saturday , I picked up a lot of fresh pagoda tree flowers on the 40th street , Li Yan made me Pagoda Tree Flower Cakes , they were so yummy , it was my first time to have pagoda tree flowers , that refreshing smell is really good .
I have n't had it in years 
I felt very relaxed at her home , too 
I 'd love to go 
I can drive myself 
Are you coming on the weekend ? 
Come and =buy some shoes with me , at the Clark 
OK 
Friday ? 
I 'll go to your place after Friday 's church convention 
Good 
I 'm going to bed 
OK 
You should sleep early too 
OK 
Lu Lu , are you online ? 
Yes [ emoticon ] 
Hello , Uncle =Xiao Tan 
Hello , Uncle Xiao Tan 
Hello , long time no see , last time I heard you were learning to drive in Chenfang , yet you did n't even call me , I could have invited you to dinner 
Oh~sorry , I was busy with the driving lessons and did n't have time , I was afraid I could not pass the exam , so I was practicing the entire month [ emoticon ] 
You are a master hand , hoho , I should learn from you 
Of course not , I was just anxious 
Hehe , when are you going back to Chenzhou ? 
The end of June [ emoticon ] 
Contact me when you come back , rest early 
OK , I surely will 
You , too , rest early 
Ok 
Get online and find me to hype it for you 
Sister , I am online now~ 
Ok 
How can I hype it !! I 'm looking forward to it 
Like this , ha . Buy yours with my colleague 's number 
Then you send money to my Alipay 
Just send it directly 
Then I give money to him 
Ask your brother to buy too . Just put the two sums of money together and give it to me 
Then I 'll send it to you with the bank card . Otherwise , Taobao will check 
That works too 
Shall I send it to you after you order it , or shall I send it to you now ? 
Wait until it 's ordered and you see the actual price 
Ok~ !! 
Just went to throw things down from upstairs for Baokang 
Dizzy 
Broken ? 
No , threw clothes 
Sister~ do I still mail it out then ? 
No need 
Dear , it 's not real purchase 
Just choose self - pick up 
Yeah~ 
(( Then when we talk about it I will say self - pick up !! )) 
Um 
Let your brother know 
Say it on QQ 
My brother finished purchasing 
.. 
Speedy 
So speedy 
Just 20 seconds in total , the entire process was finished .. 
Order some Victoria 's for me . Still have n't been ordered yet 
In the future it 'll mainly be this big mouth monkey Victoria 's line 
(( Lovers items )) are on - shelf today 
You type so slowly 
There 's automatic response . You can write some commonly used words in advance 
Send it out directly when you want to use them 
No. Someone called me 
I 'm a little messed up here 
You have my CIB credit card account number , right ? 
I should have it 
Just send the money there 
Ok !! 
Okay 
I have sent it over to you 
Ok 
Tomorrow or the next day I 'll find other numbers again for you to use , ha 
Ca n't be all in one day . Too fake 
Um um !! Ok ok !! 
Received the money 
You gave 1.2 more 
Tip tip [ image ] 
Are you there ? 
I just got on . How are you ? 
Yea [ picture ] 
Alright 
You guys are at home 
Can we video chat ? 
I 'm at school today 
The network is n't good 
How is the living environment there ? 
Alright [ picture ] 
Why ca n't I open the pictures you send ? 
The network is n't good 
Do you have time now ? Help me call the leader who just returned to China two days ago . Ask him whether he has any urgent messages for me .
OK . Give me the phone number . I 'll help you call .
I got a message , my phone signal here is limited , I ca n't connect 
Did you ask whether there are any urgent matters ? 
OK . Ask whether there are any urgent matters , anything else ? 
First get in touch and ask 
My number was =stolen 
Did you contact him ? 
Manager Meng said that yesterday you took him to the airport , and since he brought too much cash with him he could n't get in , so he left it with you and wanted you to send it to him , but he has n't gotten it yet and he urgently needs this money now .
Yes [ picture ] 
Ten thousand dollars 
I went to the =bank today to do it , and the =bank system upgrade ca n't send it back 
That 's the problem , he wants you to think of a way to send it to him as soon as possible .
When can it be sent ? 
Otherwise , you send it to Manager Meng from where you are first , and tomorrow I 'll immediately send it back to you , I do n't want to delay Manager Meng 
I do n't have any dollars here .
You can send renminbi to Manager Meng 
I 'll send it to you tomorrow , it wo n't be good to delay Manager Meng 's affairs 
I do n't have any cash on hand . I 'll tell this to Manager Meng .
You can go to the =bank to send it to hiim 
Get in touch with Manager Meng to get his card number 
My number was stolen , do n't believe what I say 
I 'll send your information to Manager Meng .
Can you first help me send it to Manager Meng ? [ picture ] 
If you wait and delay his affairs , that wo n't be good 
[ Picture ] Beile , do you know this one ? 
=Yeah .. my younger brother 
Oh 
What about it 
So it 's your younger brother that washed the number , huh 
Yeah . He said he drank too much 
[ Picture ] he drank too much last night again [ expression ] 
What ? He was talking of you again ? What is this ? 
He also washed the things in your bag 
[ Expression ] fuck me . .
I 'll change the password .
When he comes online I 'll chat with him , you ca n't treat the achievements of others like this 
There 's no need to . . Can the things in your bag still be washed ? 
They 're gone 
Let me go on and look 
Been used 
OK 
You take a look 
Yeah yeah . . I 'll go online in a bit and look . .
OK 
He is n't you 're actual younger brother , right 
No 
Ha ha ha 
An online one .
The trustworthiness of this guy is very poor 
He just rose fast in the group 's 541 
Yeah . . I 'll directly change the password . . In the future we wo n't let him on . . At the worst I 'll go back and play again 
I once gave him a call 
He said it was your number , and he washed it .
That you did n't want to play so he washed it 
Oh . .
Your number can still be slowly recovered 
Can it still be recovered if it 's like this ? 
Do it slowly 
Shitou is no good 
Yeah , yeah .
I am now on looking at it 
You got on wrong 
Another BUG came out 
[ Expression ] Scarred me to death .
Fuck 
Its always like this when using a general server 
[ Picture ] too many registrations have been opened 
The Qingdao number is also with you there 
I 'll restart my machine 
Yeah yeah .
Feiyue 's is also with me here 
Yeah . . Is n't Feng Feiyue together with his wife ? 
You on ? 
Kaoyisi is Feng Feiyue , Feibi is his wife 's number 
I do n't understand . . I could change my name but afterwards I never went on again .
You 're on . . First do n't change it . .
Oh 
I registered , wait to slowly increase power .
If you want to come back and play then go on 
Yeah yeah . . Actually , I do n't care . . Webpage games end up being single machines 
Seeing you high powered old players leave . It is really saddening 
You do n't even play Da Shidai 
This game , if you do n't waste money . It 's not good . .
You have to continuously through in money to keep up . . =And there is no operatability 
Yeah 
Once a new activity appears a bunch of people leave 
How much money did you put on your Xinyue membership ? 
This game is already in its final days . .
Leisure type games have become methods of expropriation .
Over 2W 
Ha ha ha ha 
How much money does a poor game expropriate 
I expect over 100 million . . Per server 
It seems that this virtual currency that Tencent has made is really successful 
Actually , this does n't count as being successful . It 's ok as long as you are happy playing the game .
Nowadays what can you do that does n't need money ? The price comparison of these games are too low 
Right 
What industry are you in 
Architectural engineering 
You ? 
Purely party A ? 
Yeah 
I am in logistics 
A few days ago I almost changed industries into construction materials 
Why did n't you change ? There are large profits in construction materials 
I want to do business , they were asking me to go do after sales 
Do you know Weixing pipe materials ? 
The income for after sales is the lowest , right .
You know 
Shandong subsidiary 
Actually , doing business is the most profitable . However , it is also the most tiring 
The income of after sales is definitely not as high as sales 
Yeah . . And there is quite a difference .
My current job at my company is what they called running the docks in the old society , I have to go to all the docks in every part of the entire nation , 
I just do n't fear having to deal with people , so I want to do sales 
Yeah . . Use some connections and try it out .
After all the income from sales is basically the highest for this industry 
I 'm this age . I do n't want to always be spending all day accompanying the boss eating and drinking outside the company . Income is the most important 
How old are you 
My older cousin is the Institute President of the Architectural Design Institute established by the Weifang Construction Committee , would this be useful ? 
I am already a middle aged person . . . 36 
[ Expression ] Then just slowly work at it . . At 36 you should spend your time on your family 
Ha ha ha 
To tell you the truth I 'm a landlord , and do n't have to worry about my family . I just want to leave my son a little something .
Leave what ? Money ? Leave how much ? 
An industry 
I have 6 apartments in my family , I do n't lack money 
…. OK . . Then it 's nothing . .
There are some things you have to fight for yourself . . If you do n't fight for them yourself you do n't know to cherish them . .
Is it convenient ? 
Sister Zhou , you left me a message ? 
Yes , I did 
What 's up ? 
I ’m bringing you the nursing bottle on the weekend 
Xuesong has n't been here the past few days . I could n’t step away 
The incision still hurts a little 
During the past few days , the primary work has been breastfeeding and sleeping . Really tired 
That 's really tiring then . Why did you still get online ? It ’s not good to type 
Nevertheless I have to get up and sit to breastfeed . Classmate [ Fruit | Guoguo ] needs me to sit close to 2 hours every night 
Yeah , I got online to send a file to a colleague 
I ’m logging off now 
Must learn to feed while lying down 
Is a maternity matron in place ? 
There is no maternity matron 
Raising it myself 
Remember to take photos of the baby everyday 
What about your mother - in - law ? 
She has arrived , right ? 
Yeah , she has arrived 
You can come at any time 
Whatever time is convenient for you 
Do n't be picky and just use it 
It has to be Saturday or Sunday 
It 's a large nursing bottle , NUK 300 milliliters , it ’s actually the universal baby size 
Do you also want the powdered milk box ? It 's convenient for going out 
I have a powdered milk box 
The size of the nursing bottle does n't matter . [ Fruit | Guoguo ] is mainly on mother 's milk now . We wo n’t use that till later 
I actually have a lot of milk . I can feed two babies 
If I had known earlier , we 'd give birth at the same time , and you can conveniently feed [ Rabbit | Tutu ] till she is full 
Haha 
I 'm getting offline now 
Yeah , OK . Take care . I will contact you this weekend 
Are you there ? 
Discuss the sales revenue with the accountants , see if it can be revised 
How ’s the relationship with the Tax Bureau ? Can they help to issue certificates ? Issue a few more 
I ’m here 
There are no connections over at Taxation services 
Oh . Did you just say both the sales revenue and taxation need to be revised ? 
What standard will it be changed to ? 
I 'm organizing the data now , almost done 
Our company directly amends it on our own ? 
Several companies in Zaozhuang which I know have already gotten theirs issued 
Yes 
No. You said that only the sales revenue and taxation for each year needs to be revised ? 
The financial audit report ? 
50 million , 80 million , 110 million ? For last three years ? 
50 million , 80 million , and 110 million for the last three years is more appropriate 
Sales revenue 
All right . Wait a moment . I 'll ask 
For taxation , 1 million , 3 million , and 5 million will do 
Because these figures must correspond to the audit reports 
Rough =figures 
Figures 
Yes 
Can the statements be easily adjusted ? 
Ask the finance department 
I just asked , if we change all these numbers , then what do we do about the tax verification ? 
Would it affect the rest ? 
No 
Only for use as famous trademarks , it ’s clearly indicated in the audit reports , not to be used elsewhere 
If so , it is a major project . Everything will have to be changed now 
It should n't be very troublesome 
The most important thing is whether or not the taxation can be altered 
Ask Taxation first 
Go through connections 
Because the audit reports will have to be revised again 
If the taxation is unchanged , we can only revise the accounting statements 
Ca n't we alter the tax certificates ourselves ? 
The taxation certificates need to be original copies 
Yeah . Understood . Just original copies .
That is to say the sales , taxation , and three years ' audit reports all need to be revised 
When is this to be handed in ? The Trade and Industry Bureau still have n’t issued a notice ? 
Soon 
The (( 50 million , 80 million , and 110 million , )) which you just mentioned , should they be revised roughly based on these amounts ? 
This figure which you mentioned is really very big 
It would be correct only if you add the revenue from the franchise stores 
I reckon it should be much larger than this figure 
Just the franchise stores ’ revenue , all of those that use this trademark should be counted 
We have so many franchise stores 
Oh , is this so ? 
So , it does n't matter if it 's a little larger 
If we can attain several hundred million , it 'd be best 
I 'll speak to Finance then , let ’s waste no time in making the changes according to this 
Ask Finance , if we take into account all the franchise stores , how much can we go to at most ? 
Tell this to the Tax Bureau as well . It 's not convenient for each of our franchise stores in other places to issue certificates . Can they be issued together ? 
As long as they use this trademark it 's all right . This is the principle 
Industry standard 
But we do n't have the company products ' implementation standards and company products ' testing reports 
It should be okay if we have either the national standards or industry standards 
Do n't we have the testing reports ? 
We do n’t do manufacturing 
So we do n't have the testing reports 
Where are our products processed ? 
Do we have a manufacturing factory ? 
We have a manufacturing factory 
You can request for both the product standards and testing reports from them 
You mean request for them from the manufacturing factory ? 
Just scan and send it over 
I asked the Industrial and Commercial Bureau . The materials will be reported in July 
So late .
It has to be as soon as possible 
Get them ready in June 
If the local Tax Bureau refuses to issue it 
We can let these franchise stores get some issued locally 
Hello . After the tax certificates are revised , do the tax receipts need to be changed too ? 
The tax receipts ca n't be easily changed 
Today I retried it , you can download it . I e - mailed you 
Okay , thanks Brother Tiao 
You are welcome 
Yingbeier is holding its baby sports games at Quancheng Square on May 31st , June 1st and 2nd 
Are you participating ? 
I want to let the child participate 
But my daughter is not even nimble at crawling 
Yingbeier had a small scale sports competition before 
No problem . There 's still another month 
I went to see it 
How was it ? 
So - so , very dirty 
It =seems that there will be many things on sale at that time 
Oh 
I think I need very few things from Yingbeier now 
Ao You will have a promotion on 5.17 
It 's suitable dear 
Oh , Taobao ? 
Yes 
Hee hee ... ok let me have a look 
I have bought four cans there for Ou Bao 
So many ... 
I checked by using that bar code , =it turned out they were all quality goods 
Tianmao ? 
4 cans have not been drunk up since =it was born till now 
Yes 
It 's official 
What I bought were all stage 1 , actually she 's already exceeded that , it will be a pity not to drink them 
[ Picture ] I 'm going to buy this for Ou Bao 
It 's so suitable 
Oh ... how ? 
Much ? 
269 
Only on the 17th 
It 's almost 400 at ordinary times 
Oh 368 
At ordinary times 
[ Cow cow | Niuniu ] also can eat it 
The organic one seems better than Neng Li Duo 
Well ...... this one is expensive ... 
Senior fellow apprentice , if you have time , I would like to ask you about your experience in job interviews 
Okay 
How has the senior fellow apprentice been lately ? Still at the provincial hospital ? 
Yes 
That 's good 
How about you ? 
When are you coming back ? And where will you be heading to ? 
I will be back in the end of this year , I will graduate next April 
Want to go back to Guangdong 
Oh , not to Zhejiang ? 
But I do n't know if I am competitive enough to go to any attached hospital or the provincial hospital 
It is necessary that your boss asks around 
This is crucial 
It will be either Zhejiang Second Hospital or in Guangzhou or Shenzhen . I will not take any other places into consideration 
Um 
I just want to ask about the situations in Guangzhou 
Will be striving for going to your boss 's side 
Then if it is not working , I will let him recommend . It generally works 
But deep inside I do n't want to stay in Hangzhou , I still want to go back to Guangdong 
Although Hangzhou is one of the options that I consider , but if there are any chances to get into an attached hospital or a provincial hospital , I will definitely go back to Guangdong 
It will only work if you let your boss give a previous notice 
Firstly ask him if he wants to keep you , if not =just give a previous notice 
That 's right . Just I think if I state clearly my stand that I want to stay , and he strives for keeping me , it wo n't be good if I will be wanting to go back to Guangdong . If so , I 'd rather talk to him directly saying that I want to go back to Guangdong .
Then you have to make up your decision 
Um um , that 's why I want to ask about Guangdong 
Each of those hospitals are in need of people anyway 
Um um , I will search for it myself . If there are any specific questions , I will consult the senior fellow apprentice . Thank you senior fellow apprentice 
Okay 
I will ask for you if have a fixed direction 
Um um , thank you so much senior fellow apprentice 
It ’s my younger brother who wants to buy a house . He is pooling the down payment 
If yours is a term deposit , then do n’t touch it . I ’ll find other ways 
If I ca n’t touch it ( it seems to be a three - year or five - year term ) , I ’ll see if I can find a way to borrow some for you 
There ’s no need . It ’s too much trouble for you 
I ’m very grateful already 
We have a sum at home but can only get it in a while 
I ’ll just wait for my husband to return and see 
Okay 
Do n’t ’ worry . There is always a way 
Got the mail 
The content is good . Even though it is trifling , there is still a need to learn from it 
I want to tell you that the money matter is resolved . You do n’t need to trouble Tutu ’s father anymore . Thank you anyway 
That quick ! You ’re really capable . Your younger brother is super happy to have such a particularly reliable sister like you .
Oh , we still have to pay it back eventually if we borrow it 
Who told me not to have an elder brother 
Originally , I thought that if I could n’t touch my bank savings , I would ask him to borrow it from someone 
No matter what , if you still have the need , I will try my best 
Do n’t bother . However , I think that you ’ll still tell him this course of events 
An elder sister ’s debt history 
I ’ll always stand by 
Okay 
OK , I 'll follow you ! 
ok 
You there ? 
I 'm here 
Do the technicians there speak English ? 
Yes , they all speak English 
Do you have translators ? Or .. 
Generally we do n't use translators , I 've retained a translator at important meetings .
I still have n't used our own translator .
Yeah , the specialization is the same 
Its mainly that logistics are ensured for living .
The level of the translator is not bad , he 's been here 8 years .
How about eating ? 
The National Grid tutored him , ha ha , 
I am not willing to pay money to go eat with him there , it 's not as easy as buying stuff and cooking in the dormitory 
That 's right , I eat quite well myself , our company does this for us .
There is a Tian Yuan do you know him ? 
I have this guy 's number in my cell phone , but I do n't know him .
They say he 's NARI 's 
Oh . Then you should know him . I have his Brazilian number .
I met this guy when training , we count as students of the same session , 
Ask Teacher Lü for some time off 
Just discovered the missed calls from the kindergarten . Did you apply for a leave of absence for [ Rabbit | Tutu ] ? 
I have returned the call 
The meeting is at 12 o'clock . Preparing the materials now ( Mobile Text Message ) 
Ordering food at noon ? I 'm doing a PPT now too 
Yeah , a working meal ( Mobile Text Message ) 
Sleepy , sleepy , sleepy 
I 'm sleeping at home 
[ Rabbit | Tuzi ] slept promptly at ten o'clock 
Just coughed 
I wonder if she 's awake or not 
Are you in the meeting ? 
I definitely have to sleep early tonight 
Right 
No more chatting 
Get some rest 
I should get up now 
Find some time to snooze 
Poor thing 
Are you done with the meeting ? 
I had severe nasal allergies in the afternoon . It was uncomfortable 
Rested a while at noon . I ’m much better 
Yeah 
Just finished the meeting 
So tired 
[ Rabbit | Tuzi ] woke up at 12:40 . Got up and ate some noodle pieces . Then she did n’t want to eat them , and ate some pitaya instead 
If she does n't want to eat , then let her be 
Just now Sister Feng took her downstairs to play for a while 
Come back early tonight 
I wonder if I will still cough this afternoon 
Do n't exhaust yourself 
I will come back right after work 
That 's it . Do n't throw your life into it 
I was n't here for one week 
Today is especially , especially busy 
It ’s pretty much dealt with 
I have to send the ppt to your mailbox . Find some time to teach me 
OK 
Where are we going to celebrate tomorrow ? 
Fifth anniversary , already 
It ’s up to you 
I wonder if [ Rabbit | Tutu ] will get better 
I 'm going back in a moment 
Yeah 
Let me know when you are going back 
I ’m always worried about her 
By phone ? 
Poor little thing 
OK 
I did n't buy you a gift [ emoticon ] 
I 'll go buy it tomorrow 
What are you buying ? 
I did n't buy you one either 
I want to buy you a jade bracelet 
Because I was afraid you would n't like it even if I bought it 
Do n’t 
I definitely wo n't wear it 
I think jade bracelets are rather nice 
It can become a family heirloom 
As far as I am concerned , it 's not as practical as a necklace [ emoticon ] 
Yu Zhouhai bought one two years ago . It was more than ten thousand , now it 's forty or fifty thousand 
It 's time . Go home 
So it ’s actually an investment , and you were not thinking about pleasing me [ emoticon ] 
OK 
I think you would look very nice wearing it 
Sister Zhou , 
I ’m here 
Are you coming tomorrow ? 
I 'm a little hesitant . [ Rabbit | Tuzi ] is sick . I originally wanted to bring her along 
Do you need your nursing bottle urgently ? 
Oh , do n't come then 
It 's not urgent . I bought one 
She coughed all night yesterday , and practically did n't sleep 
Coughing ! What 's the cause ? 
I would like to wait until she is better to come play with Doudou , and visit the little brother 
I do n't know . Could be a cold 
It ’s been like this [ frequently | every two or three days ] 
Running a fever ? 
No fever 
There is definitely rhinitis 
=What about mucus ? 
Yes , there is 
Nose felt stuffy 
Excessive internal heat or common cold ? 
You need not go to the trouble of thinking about [ Rabbit | Tuzi ] 
Have n't seen the doctor 
It ’s no problem 
She 'll always get better 
Do you need disposable diapers ? [ Newborn sized | NB ] ones 
When she is coughing , help press down on her [=chest center acupuncture point | =Tanzhong ] and [ the center of the suprasternal fossa | Tiantu ] , 
I do n’t understand . Must learn that 
If you have one readily available you can give it to me . If not , do n't buy another one . [ Fruit | Guoguo ] only uses it at night 
I actually do n't have one . I 'll see what to buy 
By the way , do you still have that Avent breast pump I gave you ? 
I do n't need the breast pump . Just need a small bottle to transfer and store milk 
There is a small bottle , but the breast pump is gone 
I 'll bring it to you 
I 'm not lacking anything , I just have n't bought a changing mat 
There is no need to buy a changing mat 
I have one 
That ’s so great . Give me the small bottle and changing mat 
You want a large or a small one ? 
The mat ? How big is the large ? 
As big as a single bed 
Anything that does n't exceed the size of the crib will do 
It can be folded over 
I have a linen one , it ’s small , pretty good 
I 'll bring it over for you to have a look 
OK . If you 're not using them , give them all to me 
Do n't use disposable diapers during the day , they get wet in no time 
Hold him up to pee this early ? 
No , just wrap him in cloth diapers 
Hoho , I ’m confused now 
I worry that disposable diapers will make his bottom red 
You can just bring these things and it ’s enough 
OK 
And a drinking cup too 
Do n't buy anything else [ emoticon ] 
Okie dokie 
Classmate [ Fruit | Guoguo ] is simply too blessed . So many elder brothers and elder sisters sending him things 
Being able to share with [ Fruit | Guoguo ] is the elder brothers ' and elder sisters ' happiness too 
I 'm getting ready to log off 
Going home to see how [ Rabbit | Tutu ] is doing 
I ’m worried about =her 
OK 
The [=chest center acupuncture point | =Tanzhong ] is on the line between the two nipples 
[ The center of the suprasternal fossa | Tiantu ] is between the two bones under the throat , a soft area 
OK 
I ’m sending another file and then I ’m logging off 
Pay greater attention to your rest 
Go home and take good care of [ Rabbit | Tutu ] 
Yeah 
I 'm logging off too 
=Hello , Engineer Yang . Are you there ? 
1 
Yes 
As soon as we printed the electronic medical record of patient 243928 of Obstetrics Department 1 , the program got suspended 
ok 
I guess the doctor inserted the admission record template wrong 
You can only ask the doctor to reinsert the admission record template , rewrite it , and delete the original admission record 
How about you take a look remotely ? 
ok 
guest1's password 
The electronic medical record of patient 243928 of Obstetrics Department 1 
I clicked Accept 
But my Internet is slow 
give me a usable customer terminal 
How did logging - in to posters go wrong ? 
How did it become =inoperable ? 
Just have a =try according to this method 
You can only ask the doctor to reinsert the admission record template , rewrite it , and delete the original admission record 
My Internet speed here wo n't work 
Even remotely I am 
using this method as well 
It has happened several times already . Each time after a doctor from the Obstetrics Department or Pediatrics Department inserted their own incorrect template , and then wrote , the printer would get stuck 
There are now also two patients from the Surgery Department 
The printer got stuck exactly due to the template problem 
244112 on HIS =is bed 2 . The electronic medical record also shows bed 2 , =but the mass body temperature form shows bed + 12 
Type that paragraph , card , write =again after reinserting that paragraph 
244115 on HIS is bed 4 , and =is bed + 13 in the mass body temperature form 
How about contacting Wang Hongchao ? 
I ca n't operate it here remotely 
QQ number 
=Hello , Engineer Wang , are you there ? 
Yes 
Now , there are some problems with =two medical records of the Surgery Department 
What problems ? 
Showing different things 
How about opening and saving using a doctor 's employee number ? 
When searching on Browse Medical Records , it shows +bed 
See whether it is different 
Open directly and then save without changes ? 
Open the medical records directly and then just save 
It 's also OK to use guest1 account 
It does n't work 
Still the same , the search page shows + 12 
Start a remote access for me 
Remote access is too slow , I 'm going to eat first , and will come back in a while to try again 
Now , these two have been changed back 
Good , thanks , Engineer Wang 
This may be a problem with the version , synchronization is still not easy to use 
Oh 
In that case , please see if it can be changed 
If this problem appears again , just change it in Hospitalization Details 
OK , OK 
If not , at night , I 'll try to access your director 's computer remotely to upgrade the version 
OK 
Your director 's computer is not off at night , right ? And does the teamviewer password remain unchanged ? 
Uh-huh 
OK 
Is it a problem with the oracle client terminal ? 
I 'm using a 64 - bit 
You mean win7 system ? 
Operating under win7 x64 
Yes 
Can it be accessed remotely ? 
We did not register " OraOLEDB . Oracle . 1 " on the local computers to provide programs 
Hmm , OK 
OK , Engineer Wang 
Yes 
Can we reinstall oracle ? 
Yes 
Install now ? 
Do n't have to install now 
Oh 
… There is n't much space left on my C drive … 
OK 
It should be a problem with the oracle client terminal 
Oh 
It should be fine now , right ? 
Yes , fine 
OK , Engineer Wang , thanks 
OK 
Now , I have only added for Electronic Medical Records 
OK , I have existing ones 
.. his can not run anymore 
You did n't add his , did you ? 
tnsnames . ora 
Inside this 
Is this client terminal not 64 - bit ? 
Why not you uninstall that 9i and reinstall 10 ? 
Umm … then what about Electronic Medical Records ? 
Mine is a 64 - bit server 
I only installed the client terminal 
I do n't know . By right , reinstalling 10 Electronic Medical Records should also work 
OK , let me see 
No requirements for the directory , right ? 
Anything works ? 
Yes 
It showed an error message the moment the installation was completed 
Sweat , I still did not register successfully 
I went online to search , and all said that it will work by re-registering or giving permission . However , just now you tried and it still did n't work 
… what should we do about this ? 
Where to change that wrong bed number at noon ? 
At Hospitalization Details 
There is a bed number in the Discharge Department 
Just need to change that 
It ca n't be registered with oracle . Why not you check online to see if this can be solved ? I 'll also try over here 
It is grey in color here and can not be modified 
Which account was used to log in ? 
Therefore , the body 
guest1 
Log in again 
Or reopen the medical record of this patient 
What are you doing ? 
At work 
Still playing Shen Wu ? 
Today they just opened a new area , let 's play ? 
OK , but I have an exam next week , I estimate that I 'll log on less this recent week 
Yep , OK 
I 'm still Putuo 
When did they open the area ? 
They just opened Ping Zong Xia Ying today 
... It has n't been updated for a long time 
… Gosh , then what do I train ? 
Hmm 
It 's up to you 
What is my password ? 
Gosh , you ask me , how do I know ? 
I forgot 
qwer1234 , you try it 
Is it 2980 ? 
Hmm 
=Is it this ? 
It seems so , I did n't remember 
I do n't know what profession to choose .. 
Er I put it in wrong , put in o as 0 
You see what to do yourself 
I do n't know what profession to play , so I train Putuo again 
Damn it , I can get in the email account , ca n't get in the game 
Then set up an account =again 
No cellphone number 
Have you set up the account ? 
I ca n't get in 
Hmm , it is quite laggy 
It just reminds the wrong password 
Gosh 
Wo n't it work to borrow your colleague 's cellphone and set up an account ? 
I =borrowed two already 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
What ’s up , Ah Song ? 
I know you have many beautiful girls on your QQ~~ 
Help me to ask some to join my group 
I do n’t have many beautiful girls on my QQ 
I have many on pengyou . com 
It ’s not the same thing 
What group do you have ? ONS ? 
Ask whomever you have to join 
Does n’t that make me a pimp … 
Join the group 
What is the group for ? 
How do I tell them ? 
My group … It ’s about the cosmetics shop I have opened 
Join the group and you ’ll know 
Yes or no … Handsome 
Hehe 
OK 
Hi 
Are you there ? 
Hello 
Hello 
I 'm sorry . I 've been on the phone contacting the US so I just missed your message . Are you still there ? 
Sorry for keeping you waiting so long 
That is all right , all right . You have n't come yet ? 
I am writing the paper . Well , it does n't matter . Hehe 
I am in Beijing . ~ [ emoticon ] I just saw that you are also from Beijing 
Yep yep . Hehe 
Are you a Beijing native ? 
Oh , no , I work in Beijing 
Well then that makes us half fellow - townsmen 
You are planning to come in July , right ? My house is available for rent then . Do you have friends with you ? 
Yes , that 's really nice . Would you mind if I ask any questions about the house ? Of course you can also cask me 
No , I am all alone 
May I ask how many rooms does your house have ? 
Three rooms 
Besides , you say the contract can be renewed in August , is it because you wo n't be renting it anymore ? 
Yes . The contract is due 
So you need to renew the contract 
The end of August 
When will it be due ? 
However since we have three guys living here , another roommate was not sure whether he would also move out by the end of August 
Do you have boys ? 
Right . My two roommates are both young boys studying for bachelor 's degree 
But they are nice guys . There should be no problem 
They do n't love playing around . Both [ are indoorsy | are homebound ] 
Right 
That 's all 
Is it the house in Stonegate , as mentioned on the website above ? 
OK ... I might still want girls as my roommates 
Right . I was just going to tell you 
That 's it . If that roommate moves out , you can let his room to another girl 
Oh , well then , how much rent shall I pay ? 
Our contract term is half a year , so the rent is a bit expensive . I am living in the large room , with a monthly payment of 476 
If you sign a one - year contract , the rent will be 450 per month 
But the rent for each room is determined among me and my roommates 
If you sign the new lease contract , you can discuss with them again 
The total rent is 1388 , something like that , as I remember ... I kind of forget now . This includes 25 dollars for the monthly water bill 
You can use water at you will 
I see . 450 or 476 dollars does not include utility fees , right ? 
Yes , it only includes the water bills 
Yep , that 's exactly what I think 
However our monthly utility is no more than 100 dollars per person 
This is actually not much 
Is there a school bus nearby ? 
No. This is the biggest problem . You need to have a car . It 's about 10 minutes ' ride to UD 
Oh , I see ... 
But I do n't know whether there will be a school bus in the future ... 
There seems to be a bus stop nearby , but we have n't really paid any attention 
However living here ... you really need a car ... Because without a car basically you ca n't go anywhere ... 
Besides , the environment is very good in Stonegate . It is absolutely safe . The majority population is white . There are some black people , but not many 
OK . The rent is acceptable and I have no problem with it . But my concerns are roommates and the school bus . I am still looking at other houses . For example , the master room at Pinebrook and other rooms for sublease in summer at Stonegate . So if it 's okay with you , we 'll both keep looking . If someone has decided to rent your house , it 's okay , and if not , I 'll give you a definite reply before next Friday 
OK . No problem .
Right , I am planning to buy a car . But I am planning on a short - term lease in summer , because I am not =in Delaware , so I want to use July and August to find a suitable house 
Well that 's ok . You can also rent my house~ in July and August 
You can look around and contact me if you have any need 
It 's okay . You are welcome 
[ emoticon ] Good good , thank you so much 
But I would suggest you live in Stonegate~ if you are planning to buy a car 
Right !!I also think so ! [ emoticon ] The neighbohood looks nice to me 
=Pinbrook is no different from other communities , and its tenants are mostly students of UD , so it 's almost like students ' dormitory ... It is definitely not as good as Stonegate 
OK . Tell me after you have made your decision 
By the way 
Are you in Fengtai District , Beijing ? 
Where ? 
... ca n't be ... 
LOL [ emoticon ] (( you got me )). If you return to China in summer , maybe I can ask you about universities in Delaware 
It ca n't be ......... 
Gongyi West Bridge , rented house 
You ca n't be living in Xing He Yuan .... 
Why ? 
Exactly ... 
OK !!!!!!!! 
LOL , I live in Cheng Nan Jia Yuan [ emoticon ] , and you live in Xing He Yuan ! 
What a coincidence ...... 
Exactly as I thought 
Haha , OK OK . It 's good . I 'll be back by the end of June , so maybe you can meet me , in China~~~~Haha 
Is Pinebrook really no different from others ? ? I feel that Pinebrook is very nice . It even has the school bus 
... Well ... Hard to say . The house is really no different from others .
Just like the dormitory ... Buildings =against buildings , with the parking lot in the middle 
Besides , Stonegate =is in Maryland ? So I need to drive to school on the highway , right ? 
There is actually only one road at the community gate ... Follow it to the end ... 
Then you get there ... 
You can also ride a bike ... Maximum speed is 50 miles , 40 miles and 35 miles for different sections 
I see , well , okay 
It is really one straight road to the destination ... Haha . Then you are there ... .
It 's close to the supermarket , too 
Not many ... 
How long does it take to ride a bike ? Are there many bike thieves ? 
There are not many bikes , not as many as cars 
Not far 
Ten minutes ' drive 
OK . Then I 'm all clear 
Yes , like you said , I still plan to buy a car 
Yes 
Good 
OK OK , I 'll contact you if I need 
I 'd like to know , what is the rent back in China ? 
One of my friends has graduated , and wants to look for a place near my home 
But when she asked me about the price , I did n't know ... I guess she needs a single room ? Do you know how much it costs ? 
Well , you 've got the right person , I 'd love to provide some information to express my thanks .
In China ? I do n't know , but I know about Beijing . It 's very expensive . Where does she want to rent ? 
And in your Xing He Yuan and my Cheng Nan Jia Yuan . The cheapest single room , 45 square meters , costs 3,500 RMB , nothing included 
So expensive ? ??? 
What about a single room in a house ? 
If he shares with others 
In Haidian District , a single room starts with 4,000 RMB , the worst type you can get 
One room ? ?? 
My friend wants to rent a house near my home 
Expensive ? I am telling you very low prices . Landlords nowadays are dissatisfied with nobody and keep substantially increasing the rent 
Well , she and me , we can look after each other . Hehe 
Why not ? I am talking about a house with one living room and two bedrooms 
WOW ... I wish my family had a vacant house . The rent is so high ... .
Right , houses near your home are well - conditioned , relatively new 
Correct . There are many schools over there , so the price must be very high 
Look at Haidian District , houses with much worse conditions start with 5,000 RMB 
Well , I guess your house is not far from that price 
LOL where do you come from 
Not only is it expensive , but the conditions are also too poor ... Just like dormitories in China 
Lately I saw single rooms looking for tenants , the cheapest price was 3,500 
The other day her family saw a room was on rent for 950 RMB , and she asked me whether it was reliable or not 
Well well~~ 
This price is definitely reliable , you can tell this to your friend 
I come from Changsha , Hunan Province 
OK~~Sigh ... so expensive ... Thanks , thanks 
You are welcome 
...... 950 ...... Gosh , this is exactly like me . If you have n't seen the place yourself , you really know nothing about it ...... 
It 's near Carrefour 
Sigh . I do n't think it could be this cheap . OK . I 'll talk to her later .
That should be the same , otherwise people would be fighting for it if the price is really much lower than others in nearby areas 
Yes . Good night 
OK , I 'm going to bed , and wish you good appetite for lunch [ emoticon ] 
You are up ? 
Um I killed the enemy yesterday and got his Rexue weapons . Haha 
Who took it ? 
Wuqing Dao Zhang 
It was a blast yesterday 
That fight was intense 
Now in the whole server is only me who is here [ emoticon ] 
Haha . (( Where are you ? )) 
I do n't know 
I logged in to two accounts , one of them is assigned to Mayi 
Oh alright . I do n't have time to play . Help me fight the firecrackers and dumplings 
Busy ? 
Um now my wife is obsessed with Legend , she snatches the computer once she is home 
Did Bingdian switch to （ （ play warrior ） ）？ 
Faint 
Has too much money 
Are you still there ? 
I am not in the game 
Send Huoliumang 's account number to me 
That account number has been deleted 
What for ? 
Faint 
I want to keep it in the old server to fight for some stones 
I do n't have any account number in the old server [ emoticon ] 
Have a look 
This one works 
Just it does n't have any equipments 
I will collocate him with a Xingwang set 
Oh 
Would Bindian bring Dabaicai back without the account number for Daoshi ? 
I do n't know . How about you talk to him ? 
I ca n't see him 
If I collect 3 Xuantian swords I will be able to compose a weapon 
I have both stones and ingots 
Do you have his QQ number ? 
No 
Oh 
How about you play by Zaizai ? 
You have time for leveling ah ? 
This works as well 
Zaizai is safe 
Um 
I will feed =Zaizai with firecrackers and boxes 
Work on Tongyuntao slowly , it is fast 
If you play with their account numbers , it will hurt their feelings if the account numbers are gone . Hehe 
I am not going to work on the swords first , I put the stuffs on the alternative account number 
Right , not so familiar [ emoticon ] 
Hehe 
The name zaizai is also good [ emoticon ] 
Is Zhoushan far away from you ? 
A couple hundred kilometers away 
Where are you ? 
Is it fun there ? 
I have n't even been there yet 
Heard it is ok 
Faint 
Is it fun there ? 
If I come to play , buy me drinks [ emoticon ] 
Alright 
How about we go to Zhoushan during the summer holidays ? 
I am going offline , will go out for a bit 
In the old server ? 
No , I will be back right away 
Oh 
Still have n't gotten up ? 
When will you come to play ? 
In the afternoon 
When are you coming to Zhejiang to play ? 
I will see if I am free 
I thought you arranged the time already 
No where to mingle , there are people everywhere 
Right 
When are you coming to play in Changzhou ? [ emoticon ] 
I will come when I am free 
You have summer holidays , we do n't have any [ emoticon ] 
There are things to do during the summer holidays 
I ought to continue studying in the summer holidays [ emoticon ] 
Oh . Studying what ? 
The career of Legend [ emoticon ] 
Means I have to study 
Did n't the teacher arrange trips ? 
Faint , it will be good if you are the Director of Education 
I remember we had it before 
Once in a lot of years 
Oh 
Are you playing the game ? 
I am here 
Join the guild for Zaizai and Yijiu 
Not necessary , is it ? 
It will not be easy to fight for stones when you join the guild 
(( So we can ask for supports if we have do n't have enough people at hand )) 
It wo n't be easy to fight if we do n't join 
We will talk about it when we do n't have enough . Now we have no opponents 
Oh 
(( I do n't have to type when I am fighting Mayi if I do n't join the guild )) 
Oh . Undertand 
(( If you join the guild , people will think you made a block booking when you fight Mayi , but it wo n't be good if you do n't type either )) 
[ Emoticon ] Um 
Are you there ? 
Can you login ? 
Where do you keep your materials ? 
Can you login with the account number ? 
I will keep the materials on Dabaicai at night 
Give me your account number , I will look for it myself .
Give it to the partner , ask him to deal with him for me 
Faint , I am logging in to the account 
I do n't want others to know I have this alternative account number 
I am on Baicai 
You go ahead and login 
Um 
I am in Cangyue 
Enter Budian 
I will ask Bingdian to compose the weapons 
Hi , Teacher Yin 
Hi , Teacher Zhou 
How are you over there ? 
I 'm OK , the weather is starting to get warm 
How is it over at your side ? 
There 's a pair of roller skates in the lab . Is it yours ? 
The office was moved to 414 . Other than that , everything else is the same 
Has work started over at your side ? 
No , I did n't buy any 
Work is fine over here . A new direction . There is some progress , but not a lot 
Why did we move to 414 ? 
To where did those doctoral graduates move ? 
The doctoral graduates moved to 418 , and the Master 's graduates moved to 417 
Changes are quite drastic 
Yes , everyone moved with just one word from Teacher Sun 
Why moved ? 
Teacher Sun said that the feng shui in that room 417 was not good , saying some fell ill and someone left ( referring to Deng Chao ) . As such , he moved the highly mobile Master 's graduates there . Do n't tell anyone else about this .
Teacher Sun believes in this 
Hehe … 
The walls were repainted white . We 've been working hard for two days now for the relocation .
But we should pay attention to the thing about falling sick 
Are you coming back right at the end of the term ? 
Currently , there are no plans for extension 
Yes , Teacher Du is ill , and wo n't be coming again for the time being 
I 'll bring something for you then 
What happened to Teacher Du ? 
I think it has to do with the water in Harbin 
I have always been =worried about this 
Teacher Mao had an operation , and may be hospitalized again next month 
Teacher Du has not been here for one semester . Do n't you know about it ? 
I know about it . I chatted a bit with Teacher Mao a few days ago 
Before I left , she had returned after doing experiments at Nanjing University 
I do n't know what happened after that 
What happened to her ? 
Saying that she went to Nanjing University to do experiments is just a cover - up . The truth is , she fell ill and is recuperating .
Depression 
Oh 
Is it ? I did n't notice 
Has it been for a long time ? 
Yes , it started since she was doing experiments at Nanjing University 
I find her personality quite good . How did she get depression ? 
The symptoms are quite obvious now . She came to the lab two weeks ago .
Mainly hereditary , I guess .
Not talking or loves to chatter ? 
Is this also hereditary ? 
Loves to chatter … 
Because of a lot of stress ? 
Teacher Du is suffering from shaking depression . Besides depression , there is also abnormal electric discharge from the brain and limb tremor . I do n't know the details very well , either .
Good recuperation is a must 
=Health is most important 
Health 
Teacher Yin , shall I bring you some electronic products when I come back ? 
Sure … Are you able to bring them over ? 
Do you want to mail them over ? 
There should n't be any problem 
When are you coming back ? 
Before New Year 
OK , good . When the time comes , check out Apple computers for me .
ipod is not worth bringing , right … ? 
OK 
You check it out 
See whether it 's worth bringing … Do n't bring if it 's not so worthwhile .
If you want to buy , I 'll bring it over for you 
It will be more or less cheaper 
It worths more to bring computers and cellphones 
And cameras 
OK .
If you bring back a cellphone , can the system be changed ? 
Clothes are cheap here , too , but we do n't know which ones are good to buy for you 
It can 
No problem 
We are bringing back stuff for many people 
I 'll leave camera out . In terms of a camera , see if you can buy some lens .
Yes 
When the time comes , with many people asking you to bring stuff back for them , you guys wo n't be able to bring all stuff over , will you ? 
It 's OK 
If it 's computers and cellphones , that 's fine 
OK .
Take a look one month before you come back . A SLR macro lens , a cellphone , and a laptop [ emoticon ] 
OK 
Rich people 
That 's what I 'm thinking … but I do n't know what will actually happen … let 's see how it goes [ emoticon ] 
=It 's year - end when I come back , you should have money [ emoticon ] 
Yes , I should have money … [ emoticon ] 
Teacher Yin , go do your stuff . I 'm going to bed 
I 'll discuss with my husband and get him to take a look at those things first .
OK 
OK , go to bed , sweet dreams 
You guys take a look first 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Hello , I need to print in black in white , how much is the cost for 10 sheets or more ? 
20 sheets 
OK 
0.5 RMB per sheet if you print more than 10 sheets , 0.3 RMB per sheet if you print more than 20 sheets , we charge according to the pages printed 
I ’ll print 14 sheets in all , can you charge 0.3 RMB per sheet ? I will come to print here quite often lately , and I have always printed in your store 
I am a very old , old customer of yours 
Thank you [ emoticon ] 
OK 
Print one sheet for each copy . And photocopy other four copies , I ’ll bring the originals 
I ’m going soon 
Which one ? 
Are you there ? 
There is one file that can not be opened 
Check if you can open it now .
Ca n’t you open it ? 
No , I ca n’t 
I can open it all right here 
Receive it and try printing it again , I ’ll bring it with me if it still does n’t work 
Ca n’t you make the conversion ? 
That is probably because of the version 
Convert it to . jpg format 
I can not do the conversion 
Can not open it 
I ’ll bring it here 
Why do n’t you just make the conversion 
Otherwise you still can not open it even if you bring it here 
All others are OK , except for this one 
I can not make the conversion , so I am asking .
How should I make the conversion ? 
Save the pdf as an JPG file 
After I click Save As , there is only PDF format from the drop - down menu , there is no option for JPG 
Do n’t you have on your computer ? 
Is it OK if you change a computer ? 
Do you have Photoshop then ? 
What shall I do , then ? 
I can open it , that ’s true , but I really can not save it in JPG format 
I ’m coming over first 
All our computers are installed with the same software 
It can not be opened on any computer 
Come over and check it out , then 
Hello , I went to print files in your store but one PDF file can not be opened . It suddenly occurs to me , if I take my computer there , since I can open it on my computer , can I print using my own computer in your place ? 
Your computer does not have the printer installed 
It can not print 
Can you just install one temporarily ? For example , using Wi - Fi 
I know my computer does not have a printer installed , can you establish a temporary connection ? 
No 
Why ? 
No Wi - Fi 
…… ! 
And you need to install the printer driver . It ’s very troublesome 
Well , so it is 
After you see it , accept the offline document .
OK 
The first is the address of the place we 're staying 
Room is 804 
Is there a airport bus ? To the city district 
I do n't know , there should =be , take a cab . [ expression ] 
Yeah , I 'll take the opportunities that arise , is the internet at the place bad ? 
These past couple days it 's been bad as soon as it gets dark , and we are so nervous we 're like ants in a hot wok , but the things we report are always sent back home .
They 're big , you can send them in several batches , anyway , are you using a National Grid email address or not ? 
We used National Grid ones , it was no good , we changed to 126 and it was no good , using QQ was no good either , ultimately the leader is online , so we always get it sent 
Next time if its big , try using network mapping 
OK , we 'll remember it next time , and send earlier , and not wait until they are at work back home , we 're disinclined to deal with consequences .
I want to ask , if protection is dual aligned , and lockout is single aligned , it should also be dual aligned , =according to Brazil 's custom ? 
Dual aligned , foreign lockout , in essence domestically its operation circuits , operation panels , , so you do n't have to worry 
OK 
Then for the transformer protection do we need to provide lockout ? 
No , 
There are specialized circuit breaker protection and operation equipment for high voltage , 
OK , what are you busy with ? 
Before you go you also have to prepare many adjustments and transformer substation proposals and settings for them 
You 're really busy , and I still want to bother you a bit , I 'll let you work 
No problem : ) 
Right , I received information that we were partitioned to Nanrui .
Yeah , we 'll give you an ultra low price on the 22nd , to save on paying taxes 
That 's too frightening ! 
Ha ha , is coming to our Nanrui so frightening ? : ) 
That ’s not it , I 'm saying ultra low prices are too frightening 
There is nothing to fear , think about it , this is just like selling your house to your little sister , if you say the bid is high , is n't it cheating the real estate bureau ? : ) 
There 's something to that , however you always have to have a bottom line when doing things . [ expression ] 
Of course , ha ha : ) , 
I 'm joking with you , appropriating is easy , but it will take a certain amount of time to integrate 
That ’s true , so you can say that there is still competition between us . Especially us and Nanrui Relay Protection .
So , ha ha , you will later very likely be transferred to Science and Technology , that is a listed company , because we do n't have this part 
OK , this would be more reasonable , we are unlikely to integrate into Relay Protection , would n't that be a monopoly .
You 're not likely to go to Relay Protection , if this was the case , you would suffer , with their customs , they would hang you out to dry , 
That 's right , so today I am especially asking the leader 's thoughts .
Your leader will definitely not go to Relay Protection , there 's no position for him ; you 're going to Science and Technology , you guys in this area , it 's for sure 
That 's right , we wo n't go , however , I also do n't care about this , it 's good as long as it ’s a little easier on me , [ expression ] 
If its decided then it 's easy : ) , 
In time you 'll only need to do some proposals , projects , we have a lot of people there : ) 
Ugh , which day will that be ? Will I be able to make it ? 
Our project routines are not hard , the special ones are a bit harder .
Those that people bring out are easy to do , 
OK , bye bye 
Which publishing house ? 
Academy of Social Sciences Press . You 're a teacher now ? 
Yeah 
Which field ? 
Such a high level 
Information Technology 
Who are you talking about ? Me ? We are a small press 
A toy to amuse a child 
In the computer field , that ’s pretty awesome 
You look like a teacher too 
[ Oh God | Faint ] 
Can you publish things related to certifying for professional titles ? 
If it 's a book we can publish it , but not single piece articles 
We publish books . But I can help you ask around 
There appears to be a magazine publisher in our compound . Its name seems to be called " Social Science Magazine Press " 
... 
Do n't bother asking 
I ca n't write the article anyway 
[ emoticon ] Modest 
Where are you teaching computing now ? 
Do n't regard me with that [ old impression | old vision ] from junior high , 
I wanted to be modest 
Xuecheng Zaozhuang City . The original No. 29 North Central School 
[ emoticon ] All right . A [ new impression | new vision ] , I shall put on sunglasses to look at you 
Oh , it ’s in Xuecheng . Xuecheng is developing pretty well now . Many people have moved over there 
I knew it , you use [ tinted glasses | a jaundiced eye ] to look at me 
Mainly because your radiance is too dazzling , I have a bit of [ blurred vision | astigmatism ] 
No use , 
Small place , not as good as the central city district 
But now everything depends on potential 
Dear , I have n't seen you for a long time 
How are you ? 
Busy recently ? 
Very busy recently , but useless 
What happened ? 
I also do n't understand 
Hehe 
Everything 's good with your kid 's hand now ? 
Yes , but still not moving much 
That 's good 
How is your preparation for the Graduate School Admission Exam going ? 
Ongoing 
It is pretty hard 
I have not been out for two weekends 
Then you are not bad 
You are so persistent 
You think I am joking ? 
I will strive to realize the three things I have said [ emotion ] 
No , I know you are serious 
But I =do not have your persistence 
Going to graduate school , bodybuilding and what else ? 
Making money to buy a house this year 
Did you buy the house in Hanyang at last ? 
I would say I am preparing to buy 
In July or August 
The same one in Hanyang District , right ? 
Yes , I have not seen other houses [ emotion ] 
In fact , you can see more and make a comparison 
But I do n’t think you have time 
Yes 
I have not seen big houses 
I want to buy as long as I see one … 
It is a heavy burden to buy a big house 
What burden ? 
The burden of loans 
I did not find a bank 
Can you pay for a big house all at once ? 
Just make money by myself 
I will pay within one to two years 
How much does the house in Hanyang cost ? 
5200 * 120 
About 600,000 
Then 300,000 for each year 
I will pay 200,000 this year 
You will pay all in the following two years 
I will pay 400,000 after one to two years 
The burden is not light 
It is far more than light … 
Pretty heavy , right ? 
What do you say ? 
Yes , it is 
Moreover , I want to find a girlfriend next year 
Yes , yes 
Find 
Otherwise , life is too ... 
I will be sorry for my youth 
Find a good one 
Do you think there are options ? 
Why not ? 
You are too optimistic [ emotion ] 
I do not know where to find 
You should believe in yourself . You are still very , very good 
Let alone selecting 
You are =still very young 
There is no need to rush 
Maybe many young girls will initiatively find you after a couple years 
Haha 
After a couple years 
Not appropriate 
I will wait till next year at most … 
I will wait no longer 
That is just a possibility 
You will surely find one as long as you want 
Definitely 
You surely can find a better one 
I hope so [ emotion ] 
Now I do not want to go outside at weekends 
I thought you did that for reviewing 
[ I | Brother ] am not alone , for [ I | Brother ] am accompanied by loneliness … It is such a situation at present 
What you have said is quite =poor 
I will ask you to come out and play at weekends afterwards 
Sure if I am available [ emotion ] 
Will you come to the match - making party on Saturday at East - west Lake ? 
See if you have time 
Never mind if you have to take care of the store 
Match - making party !!! 
East - west Lake !!! 
Yes , it is organized by Women ’s Federation 
Several single people in our bureau will go and play together 
No registration , onlookers type 
Aha ... 
It depends 
I do not know 
It seems good for me to enrich my experience 
Ok , tell me if you have time 
But those I know are all girls except you are a boy 
Do you mind ? 
Sisi will come 
Sasa , too 
We can go out and play together if you have time 
Hehe 
Ok 
Do you girls not mind ? 
We are very [ easy - going | casual ] 
Moreover , you know both Sisi and Sasa 
But you do not know the other two colleagues 
Oh 
This color … 
What ’s wrong ? Not good - looking ? 
Good~ It brightens my eyes 
I may not be able to receive it . You ’d better send it to my email 
Try it first 
I definitely can not =receive it 
It ’s the problem with your computer 
I can make do with it [ emoticon ] 
The History of the Byzantine Empire , do you have an ISBN for this ? 
The book has been published already 
I can not see the picture [ emoticon ] 
Right . You ’ve sent it to me before , but you missed this one 
Ah 
Do you want to see the part after or before the slash ? 
0248 happens to be =missing 
You get to work very late 
9 o'clock 
You are late ! 
No , I was wiping the table just now 
The office table is so dirty 
That means you had a fortnightly holiday , hehe 
Well . We also have double holidays 
Is the baby able to call you daddy ? Congratulations 
[ Emoticon ] Thanks 
The process of the baby 's growth goes with a lot of happiness 
Yes 
I 'm going to attend a meeting 
Have n't you got off work ? 
Will you get off work soon ? 
You there 
Here 
You did n't go out ? The network is not bad 
I went to the National Grid , this afternoon I will go out to sign a contract 
wifi ? 
Yes 
You still have n't signed your contract ? 
We signed it , the Brazil purchased equipment contract .
Are the procedures for you to purchase locally smooth ? We have to go to a minor leader for a signature 
Extremely unsmooth . Today this is the first one , this week we begin continuous signing .
Why are you going to sign ? 
I 'll directly go sign , I got the power of attorney .
Business , Technology have both signed , they went as cannon fodder .
Ha ha , by reason Business should have Zhang Fan sign 
They have a person here from their department , I do n't know why .
The girl that is living with us .
She 's not signing ? 
The company did not consider having her sign 
She just does translation ? 
No , she 's not a translator , you know she 's had her position set , she 's a business assistant .
Is she with the Design Department ? 
I am the Electrical Grid and Compensation Business Department , our department is responsible for bids , research and development , design , and commissioning .
No wonder you 're so busy , we divide this into four departments here 
Right , just you one colleague in the early morning , Engineer Wang asked me for Zhang Fan 's contract information , do you have anything to go to him about ? 
If not , I participated in the prior science research , all the way to when the project was put into operation , our department had to get everything done , it was equivalent to a small company .
The =science research was not me , it was our department 
Wang ? Should not be him , he has Zhang Fan 's phone , I expect he thought you were in China 
Oh 
At the time , when entering Brazil , were things fairly smooth for you ? Did you need a return ticket and itinerary ? 
What ? I 'll send to you 
You misunderstood , if required , then print out the itinerary and invitation letter and bring them .
Did they check ? 
I forgot , they are likely to check , so you have to bring them .
The itinerary ? The return information ? Is that returning from Rio to China ? 
Copy the passport page and visa page from your passport and bring them , bring copies when going out in Brazil .
Is n't coming and going on the same piece of paper ? 
I still have n't reserved the return , I have n't even gotten a ticket 
You do n't have an electronic itinerary ? 
I made one myself 
Oh , then there 's no problem .
Yeah , it 's still best to print out a copy , to save on trouble 
Right , print 2 copies , you will likely also need it when returning .
I brought 2 copies of printed electronic itineraries , 1 invitation letter , and one copy of my passport . There is another matter to be careful of . I 'll look for it and send it to you .
I could n't find it , it seems there is no electronic version , at the time it was prepared for me by a colleague . [ expression ] 
No problem , I 'm fine as long as I have a visa , everything else is just assistance 
Yeah 
I went to eat [ expression ] 
Tuo , does he live here ? 
No , he lives closer to the =seaside than this place .
He lives closer to the seaside than this place .
OK , I should be able to find it , I 'll contact you when I arrive where you are , for such a distance you do n't need to pick me up ; ) 
It 's not too far , if I do n't go out to do something , if I 'm idle I 'm idle [ expression ] 
OK , I 've printed out everything I should print out 
Yeah , tomorrow , it should be today that I 'm departing , it 's so late why do n't you get a good sleep .
Yeah , I 'll sleep soon 
Have you arrived at the airport ? 
Everybody is penalized for not meeting the sanitation standard for the floor ? 
That ’s right 
Your public area is very dirty 
[ image ] It ’s not fair 
Then , what do you think is fair ? 
[ image ] We have a duty sheet , right ? We need to hold the individual responsible 
I ’ve never seen your duty sheet . Moreover , is the person on the duty sheet responsible for all the clean up ? 
Yes , =everyone does it for a day 
Everyone does it for a day 
No one told me about that 
[ image ] Consider it donating to the disaster areas , hehe . Let me know when you conduct the inspection next time . I ’ll pull some strings in advance , hehe 
Pay deduction 
When do we pay ? Or are you going to deduct it from the pay ? 
Haha .
Your fines are contributing to the labor union 
We thank you 
You ’re welcome . You ’re welcome . It ’s our duty 
It ’s all right if you come down to inspect once or twice in a month . It ’ll be ok if you do n’t inspect too frequently 
I need to impose enough penalties as soon as possible so I can go travel 
That ’s why I need to impose more fines 
[ image ] This is = ” one wo n’t get rich if one does n’t exploit the poor ” 
This is to rob the rich to help the poor 
It is 
To kill 
You need to use the appropriate wording 
Done ? ~ 
What 's done ? 
The apartment ~ 
Not yet … 
Look at you again tomorrow 
Get lost 
… No use looking at me ~ I =do n't have an apartment ~~ 
Are you still the only one looking ? 
Yes 
My schoolmate went back to China 
Are n't there three more ? ~ 
Two more 
One went back to China 
No idea what the other one is doing 
… 
Haha , training you to be a housewife ~ 
Are you looking for an apartment for your internship or an apartment for next year ? ~ 
Next year 
My internship is right in Philadelphia 
Oh 
I thought you 're looking for an apartment for the internship … 
Where is your internship ? 
Philadelphia city center , a small firm 
Did n't you say that the interview last time did n't take place near you … ? 
Oh 
Sigh … free labor 
I turned that down 
Too far ? 
Or too remote ? 
Too far and dangerous … 
True , do n't need that ~ 
Where 's your man ? 
Back to China already 
… left you just like that ? ~~ 
He does not have too long a vacation , right ? 
He also has a four - month summer vacation 
… 
So long for a doctoral student ? 
Wo n't he be caught by his boss to do work ? 
Not a doctoral student 
He is only a Master 's student 
, … 
I heard you 're also not coming back for the summer holiday 
Not sure , I 'll see how it goes 
~ 
I 'm off to bed , it 's very late … I ca n't stay up late 0.0 
Good night ~ 
Good night ~ 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
… [ Lousy man | Chuonan ] and [ Hairy brother | Maoge ] have both graduated … 
I feel so sad 
Yes … 
[ Emoticon ] Why do I have to study for three years … ? 
… 
I still have one year to go 
So lucky ! 
What plans do [ Hairy brother | Maoge ] and the others have ? 
Envious 
No idea ~ 
[ Hairy brother | Maoge ] should be off to work 
I think [ Lousy man | Chuonan ] wants to go for doctorate studies 
He is getting in contact with the teachers now 
Oh ~ 
I 'll just go to New York to see them in a couple of days ~ 
… You are so lucky going everywhere ! 
Ah Bao is already back here … 
Says who ? 
In Beijing preparing for exams … 
All of you are a bunch of lucky kids in the United States ! 
What exam is he taking ? 
Done 
Oh 
Did you hear what Teacher Yang told me ? 
No. What private conversation did you have ? 
No sound at all 
We were saying that Zhou Jielei 's clothes today has an amazing effect of gradual change 
Really private conversation ? 
We are really talking about you 
I am leaving together with my Dad today . My Dad is here , LOL 
Yesterday you successfully bribed your Dad with little yellow croakers 
I had wanted to hear you talk about your private conversation with Teacher Yang 
Yesterday I went back and poured them out , there were six and a half of them 
LOL , he just happened to pass by 
Qiu Guang , did many people sign up for the game on June 1st ? 
I 'm not clear yet , the name list has n't been submitted to me yet 
They all say that the health certificate is too complex 
Usually it 's OK that we prepare an agreement and let everybody sign 
And the insurance ? 
Yes , what is this up to , I 've never heard of it 
It ca n't be helped , people from the province mandated this 
Is critical illness insurance OK ? 
They seem to have mandated accident insurance 
I have n't bought it yet , I guess few can attend the game 
People who do not have native registered residence can not =play , right ? 
Yes 
OK 
Signing up at your place 
is OK 
Right ? 
Right 
Once President Chang signs up , others can only compete for the second prize 
You are =complimenting me 
I am having tennis elbow lately 
It hurts really 
You are being modest 
Really 
The hurt stops when you think about the bonus 
I play amateur games 
Just as a hobby 
[ emoticon ] Right right , honor first , bonus is nothing 
If I get the bonus , we 'll get together and have some drinks , LOL 
Liangliang 
Let the beauty Sister Sheng see it , =QQ 
=Thanks 
..... 
She is not here 
=She have gone to Gaoxin 
Will she come back ⑧ ? =Thanks 
=It is too tired to speak in textspeak 
I speak according to pronunciation , ok ? 
Your are out 
Fine 
I 'm going back to Mars 
Take me with you , I also want to go home 
No problem 
Ou Bao will drive 
Let 's go by driving an accumulator car 
=So cool 
Ou Bao only can drive a car 
( A stupid ) 
..... 
I ’m here now 
Do you have time to do it in the morning or afternoon ? 
It does n't have to be too good 
As long as it 's clear 
I will deal with the emails first . I 'll do it after ten o'clock 
All right 
Have you sent me the PPT ? 
I did n’t receive the email 
No , I 'll send it now 
I 'm basically done dealing with my emails 
The simple ones have been dealt with 
Still have n't dealt with the complicated ones 
You deal with it first 
Pages 15 and 16 do n't need to be swapped now 
OK 
I ’m unable to send it 
Send it in an email 
OK 
The version I just sent is incorrect 
Sending it again 
OK 
Sent it 
By the way , should I add a thank - you page at the end ? 
Got it , OK 
Page 8 and page 10 have red font . I do n't know if you did that intentionally or otherwise 
The email has been sent , check for receipt 
The numbering for A and B are both red 
So fast 
(( How come it does n’t show that it ’s flying in )) 
Is it the wrong version ? 
There is 
Under Play mode 
The font seems to be inconsistent 
Section 4 expansion : Text aligned in a row 
Page 22 is unsightly 
Can it be adjusted ? 
Would like to set it down in a row 
Adjusted it . Receive the email 
Just went to the press office to collect Children 's Day benefits . Picked a particularly nice - looking single - sized quilt 
Yeah 
How about this version , is it OK ? 
Very good . I adjusted some details , like the font , header 
Planning to add a page of content to each section 
Preparing it now 
As an introduction 
What do you think ? 
If you want it to be good enough , have an introduction at the start of every section , and concluding remarks at the end 
Huh ? 
I could n’t tell that you have =sections [ emoticon ] 
Three large sections of content ! 
The presentation is unclear , I suppose 
There are problems 
I have n't looked carefully 
I just looked at the layout 
I have n't looked at the content 
Help me see if the arrangement is clear 
OK 
What do you think of my proposal ? 
Oh 
I see it now 
I 'll add it for you 
Sent it 
I have seen it . Very good . What 's strange is that I adjusted the format of the left - aligned header . How come it has reverted back to before ? 
I have saved it 
I ’m going to have my meal first 
You should eat promptly too 
You should drink water 
Oh 
I altered it in my own (( basic framework )) 
You have n't sent me the one you saved 
Then I 'll just make some changes again on my own 
Very easy 
(( There is a little problem with the flying in of Page 6 and 9 ? )) Why does one sentence need to be presented in two parts ? 
I sent it to you 
Just dozed off , took a nap 
I slept six hours yesterday . I ’m already very satisfied 
You just persist for 10 minutes every day , and it will be fine 
Have you drunk the yogurt ? 
Drank it in the morning 
Not eating at home in the evening , right ? 
I 'm going to the Lao She Teahouse in the evening 
You do n't seem to have told Sister Feng 
I have n’t been there before 
She prepares yours every day 
I told Sister Feng last week I would n't be eating at home this whole week 
Shall I tell her you wo n't be eating at home until Friday ? 
I found she still had the light on in the kitchen very late yesterday 
When I asked her why she did n't turn it off , she said she was waiting for you to eat , and then she would clean up 
Yeah 
I ate noodles 
I reckon she forgot 
I 'm going out to repair my mobile phone now 
What happened ? 
I 'm not prepared to use a smartphone anymore 
Nokia 
To repair the previous one 
Yeah 
Nokia 
Hoho , give it to me to use , it 's just right 
You are using Apple ? 
That ’s right 
It was just idling away anyway 
Yours is better than mine . Why would you still want another ? 
Better for me to use it than to leave it lying around 
I like the feeling of possession 
What about yours ? 
Like a millionaire 
Use them interchangeably 
[ Country bumpkin | ground beetle ] [ emoticon ] 
Ca n't I pretend ? 
Leaving now , I ’m going out 
Remember to take along water 
I ’m just going to [ Tianfengli Market | Tianfengli ] by the side for a look 
Pay attention to safety when crossing the road 
Yeah 
The train tickets for me and Attorney Liu are all =reserved . We will leave at 2 p.m. on the 4th from Zaozhuang to Shanghai and stay for one night . We ’ll take the EMU train at 9:00 on the next day , the 5th , for six hours to Xinyu 
I already reserved them 
Have you reserved them already ? 
I talked to Attorney Liu already 
Let me tell Attorney Liu 
I talked to Attorney Liu about the train ticket matter 
Okay 
How will you meet ? 
Where are you going to meet ? 
Right ! This is the fastest 
Oh , that ’s great 
As long as you two arrange it 
Your itinerary is excellent 
You wo n’t be tired this way 
Last time , they got the standing tickets to Xinyu . It was exhausting 
We ’ll ask the company ’s car to drop us off at the EMU train station on Tuesday the 4th when the time comes 
It ’s Saturday 
I made a mistake . It ’s Tuesday 
Okay 
I plan on asking Attorney Liu to come to the company 
Then , we ’ll leave together 
Your tickets are at 2:00 . What time will you leave ? 
How is Attorney Liu leaving ? 
Is n’t Attorney Liu in downtown ? 
Did you ask ? 
Are you leaving at noon from the company ? 
Allegedly , Attorney Liu is in Xincheng 
Attorney Liu works in downtown 
It seems that he lives in Xincheng 
In this case , I ’ll talk to Attorney Liu first =and then we ’ll make arrangements . We still have plenty of time . No need to be so anxious 
Are you going to confirm what time you ’re leaving ? 
Sure 
I just saw Manager Chen . You are I are the same age 
I was also born in 1985 
My father made me younger when I got my ID card then 
He said that I would not be able to be admitted to the college if I were too old 
Says who ? You are much younger than me 
He made me younger on purpose 
You were born in 1986 ? 
However , I ’m anxious 
Other people all say that I ’m 30 years old 
Do n’t you think that it is depressing ? 
You ’re still younger than I am if you ’re 85 . All right ! 
Haha 
That ’s great . You ’re so young on the ID card 
Such interpretation is nevertheless acceptable ! [ expression ] 
Haha , how wonderful it is for men to show some maturity . It is more manly 
My wife told me last time that her colleague made a remark when she saw our picture , “ Xiao Chen , why did you find such an old man ? ” 
I was shocked 
Let me say it in passing . My wife ’s last name is also Chen ! 
The problem is that my wife is even one year older than I am . This is what is most depressing 
Haha 
I do n’t think so . Maybe you ’re not very photogenic 
Haha , haha [ expression ] 
Your wife and I are destined . We are the same age 
Our last names are both Chen 
Why do n’t you two [ make a vow │ burn yellow paper and =chop a chicken head ] and become sworn brother and sister ! [ expression ] 
October 
Do n’t be the same month and day as well 
What month is her birthday ? 
Okay ! If you have the same month , I would immediately run home and drag her here so you two can become sworn brother and sister 
That ’s younger than I am .
Mine is July 
Haha . Right , right .
Honey , are you busy ? 
What 's up ? I am fine . Just came back from a trip , and about to sleep 
That .. Let 's talk when you are free 
I just want to show my concern to you 
It is nothing 
That 's so sweet 
... 
I have always been sweet 
Hehe , that 's true 
I will stop harassing you then 
[ let me know when you are free | Roar when you are free ] 
I will only be available at night , which is 11 am for you 
I am so sorry 
You are concerned about me , yet you have to compromise with my time 
Hehe , you are just busy 
(( Where is An'an ? )) 
I am just bustling without plan or purpose 
How do you do , Rainbow Travel . May I ask how can I help you ? 
Which customer service agent do you hope to contact ? ( Click to choose ) [ picture ] KELLY @ BERRY [ picture ] LUCY [ picture ] ECHO @ JANNIE [ picture ] JOANNA @ NANCY [ picture ] COCO @ LISA [ picture ] POLLY @ TRACY 
Waiting to connect with LUCY at Customer Service . You may give a brief description of the issue you want to inquire about . If there is no response for a long time , you can also reselect a customer service agent .
Hello 
Waiting to connect with LUCY at Customer Service . You may give a brief description of the issue you want to inquire about . If there is no response for a long time , you can also reselect a customer service agent .
Hello 
I 'd like to buy a plane ticket to go back to China 
Hmm , hello 
Tell me your itinerary 
Thanks 
Hmm , please hold on , are dates fixed ? 
The departure date can be changed to May 25 
The time for coming back is too late . One female . Could you check for me if there are any better times ? Sorry to bother you 
For the information you gave me above , could the departure date be changed to the 24th ? 
You ca n't =book this price for the 24th ; even the cheapest one will be more than 1,900 
Hold on , let me think for a moment 
OK 
We have decided to just =book this flight 
Good 
Is 1,650 the final price with all fees added together ? 
Tell me the passenger 's name , sex , birthday , as well as Email address and telephone number 
Yes , it 's the after - tax price , the total expense 
OK 
Give me a few minutes . I 'm going to =book it and will send a detailed Itinerary to you for verification 
OK 
It 's been sent 
Please check if you have received it . Verify the name and flight information 
OK 
Hello , mine is a debit card from bank of america . Can I use this to pay ? 
You can . If you have an account with BOA , you can directly transfer money online 
For online money transfer , do I still need to fill up the form you gave me ? 
For direct money transfer , there is no need to fill the form of authorization letter and provide the COPY of your card 
Let me Email you the account number . Hold on 
OK 
It 's been sent , please check if you have received it 
My account can only allow a transfer of $ 1,000 a day . Let me give you the form instead 
Hehe 
You can set up safepass , and then it will be fine 
Both are okay , direct account transfer or swiping the card is okay 
OK . I will try 
Hello , do I print out this form , then sign , scan , and send it to you ? 
Yes 
OK 
Hello , I 've already sent you the required form and its scanned copy . Please check if you have received them 
OK 
Wait a minute 
Received 
I 'm issuing the ticket now and will send an electronic ticket shortly to Limin 's mailbox 
OK 
Bring the passport when checking in . Does this electronic ticket need to be printed out ? 
It 's an electronic ticket . If it is convenient , you can print it out and take it with you so that it is easy to check the itinerary . If it is not convenient , you can just write down the ticket number and show your passport at the airport 
OK , thank you very much 
You 're welcome . Thank you for your support . Just a minute , the airline company is releasing the ticket 
The ticket is released and Emailed to Limin 's mailbox . Please check if you have received it 
Now you can log on to delta airline 's website to check the ticket information and select your seat . Thanks 
OK , I will check it out 
The electronic ticket has been received . Thank you very much for your help 
Do n't mention it . Thanks for purchasing ticket via CCH Intl Inc . !! 
Brother Wang 
Are you here ? 
What does this article mean ? 
It means you need to register if you make your way to the finals 
Must I register ? 
Yes , if you make your way to it 
Otherwise I can not play in finals , right ? 
You can , you should sign up first and play to see how it goes , I will look for you and ask you to sign up in these two days 
Ok 
How many people approximately ? 
There are around 10 here , Coach Song has n't told me how many are there in his hand 
Will there be any discount if we register as a group ? [ emoticon ] 
Yes , there is , there will be a 15 discount for group registration , it will be 100 for others to register , it will be 150 for you to register 
Hello ! Have you done with the annual verification recently ? 
It 's over 
Finally it is over 
Hehe 
Oh , it 's wonderful [ emoticon ] 
Would you please help me prepare the materials for the loans ? Can I send you the materials that are needed later ? 
Okay 
Please send it to me 
Be really careful with the amount , bank and the full name of your company .
Um , you go ahead with the credentials and things alike . There are fixed formats for Shareholders Resolution and Legal Person certificate 
I will tell the specific time after I talk to General Manager Zhao 
Okay 
Which bank is it from ? 
The reported financial data are different , if they are from two different banks 
It is still from the Municipal China Union 
Oh okay 
It will be guaranteed on behalf of Dacheng 
Right ? 
Also , our Dacheng 's credit card has not finished the process of annual verification , is it not ok ? 
Is n't it the latest till the end of June ? 
We have not gone through the annual verification yet . So long as it is finished , you give me the photocopy of the records of the annual verification , it will be ok if I send it to the bank then .
That works , okay 
Right , it is guaranteed on behalf of Dacheng 
I will try my best to give them to you all by this week 
I will be out on seminars next Monday 
Oh okay , where will you be going ? 
Beijing , General Manager Lu will go as well . There will be 5 people in total who are going in our company 
What will you be studying about ? Will it be a long time ? 
I will be back on the evening of 30th 
Oh then the baby will not see you in a long time , he will miss you 
Study of performance management and joint - stock transformation 
Yeah , I miss the baby so much 
So I do not want to go 
But General Manager Lu really wanted me to go 
Sigh , would n't it be ok if General Manager Lu go , along with those people ? 
They said the position that needed to study the most was mine 
General Manager Lu got mad as soon as I said I did not want to go 
Sigh 
Last week General Manager Zhao came to see General Manager Lu , General Manager Zhao has always been so humorous 
Haha 
I asked where your General Manager Zhao is , how come he is not organizing trips for you guys . General Manager Zhao said there are too many people 
Hehe , every time when there was an organized trip , I almost could not go . No I went long time ago . The other times was because the baby was too young . Did n't go .
Let him be mad 
Now you can take the baby with you 
No , I am not in very health condition . I am annoyed , you know ? 
Is your colitis still really severe ? 
I have been holding out these days , and I have n't talked to seniors leaders in the company .
But , last night I felt it was getting more and more severe . I was crying with great grief . The baby cried when he saw me cry 
What 's going on ? Enteritis is n't some disease that can not be cured 
Why has n't it been cured yet ? 
In addition , you have been really careful with your diet 
Even 
How about going to another hospital ? 
I do n't understand , either . I have been really careful . I do n't even dine out . I have this severe type of ulcerative colitis 
Does this disease bring belly - ache or diarrhea ? 
Yes , and you know it is hematochezia ? It will cause anemia after a long time period 
Ah ! That sounds serious 
So why do n't you change to another hospital ? 
How did you get colitis ? 
Is it because you are obsessive about cleanness , which affects your antibacterial capability badly ? [ emoticon ] 
However , My sister was thinking about asking the doctor to do an operation on me . But the doctor said the position was not good for doing an operation 
The most annoying thing is it that it relapses when little attention is paid 
Last time I took a blood test regularly , the doctor comforted me by saying that there had been a lot of patients who were admitted to the hospital because of they had relapses 
But although he said that , it is still really annoying , it makes me feel in pain . Who is willing to get sick , and it relapses back and forth 
How did you know that I am obsessed with cleanness ? 
You mentioned it before 
Do you have to take medication to maintain the regularity ? 
Hehe , I have already forgotten . My husband talks that way when he is mad 
But it has been like this , I do not want it , either .
Yes , I am on daily medication . Any medicine is 30 percent toxical , [ I have been filled with great fear every day | having heart lifted and gallbladder hung ] 
Is it traditional Chinese medicine or western medicine ? 
Western medicine . I am getting really fed up with taking it , that 's why I have to go check my liver and kidney functions regularly 
Sigh , I am feeling frustrated for you 
And this does not have an end ? 
Um , I can not even stand it anymore . I was crying with great grief last night 
You can not cry in the face of the baby 
Oh but I ca n't control myself . I always feel that I owe him too much 
The baby is getting more mature now , he does not feel nice , either 
Do n't beat yourself up , getting sick is not something you wanted 
You should be more optimistic . This disease is not un-treatable , it definitely can be cured 
If you do n't have anything to do normally , you should spend more time playing with the baby 
Um , okay . Thank you . I am feeling much better now . They advice me not to be scared 
Seriously , this is not a big deal . It is just Ulcerative colitis 
If you cooperate well with the treatment , it will definitely be cured 
Your husband loves you , the baby loves you . You are truly blessed ! 
Um , you are right . people should learn how to be grateful [ emoticon ] 
[ Everybody has his own hard nut to crack | everybody has a scripture that is difficult to read ] 
Um you know ? General Manager Zhao is concerned about me in work and life . I want to whole - heartedly devote myself to work 
But every time when I am sick , I feel that it has affected work , that makes me feel ashamed .
But General Manager Zhao always says health is more important , it does n't matter . I always feel uncomfortable at heart 
I understand you , I would feel ashamed if I were you 
It is OK . You really are not in a good health condition . General Manager Zhao wo n't blame you . Work hard when you are well .
Classmate , how are you ? Are you there ? 
I checked your information on Renren , you are also in your second year of graduate school ? 
I am majoring in Energy Engineering 
Looks like I looked for the wrong person . Are you from the the Department of Navigation ? 
There is someone named Xiao Ling who graduated from Huake Faculty of Environment in 2012 
Alright . Looks like there are a lot of people who have the same names 
I am from the department of Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering at Huazhong University of Science and Technology … .
Oh I am sorry 
Are you studying energy sources ? 
The project I am working on now is about energy saving in houses 
What I am doing =is biomass energy 
You might be doing some new energy like solar energy , right ? 
Biomass energy= is interesting 
Hehe 
It is rather good 
Are you doing your master 's degree at Zheda ? 
Um in my second year 
I will go eat , let 's chat when I am free . Really sorry that I found the wrong person 
It does n't matter 
Do you have 
Removable disk , I will copy it for you now 
Alright , right away 
I saw the movies in your removable disc by accident . I will copy them from you huh 
Ok , hehe 
What movies ? I have forgotten already 
I copied the whole folder 
You did n't , did you ? 
There is not any personal stuff , is there ? Haha 
The one with the movies . How about you take a look , I did not take a close look 
Haha , I was kidding . Seems that all those movies were all given by my boyfriend 
I am sorry . When I was looking for my folder , I saw it . Because I ca n't download movies here , so when I saw that you have , I took them .
You can take another look 
No problem , hehe 
Right , I will do a another revision . Looks like there are some movies that I have n't seen 
Hehe , alright 
That disk is really old , I have all my stuffs inside from 4 5 years ago 
Hehe , I can tell 
Ok , hehe 
? 
Where are you , my brother ? 
In the University of Science and Technology 
Hehe 
I 'll have my oral defense in two days ' time 
Oh , congratulations ! 
When are you setting out to do your post-doctoral studies ? 
That 'll be at the end of July 
The sky 's the limit ! 
Uh 
You 're making fun of me 
I 'm not 
Hehe , I 'm going to work 
Let 's chat another day 
OK 
Are you there , dear ? 
Yes 
Can you eat sea cucumber during the first 3 months of pregnancy ? 
No 
Are you pregnant ? 
Oh 
No 
Preparing to 
You can eat it during the second and third trimester 
One of my colleagues is pregnant and said ca n't eat it 
Sea cucumber has high inner heat . Do n't eat it during the first trimester when the baby is n't stable 
Then I 'll take advantage of not being pregnant and eat some 
Yeah 
Okay 
It 's fine to eat more in the late term . I had one each day right before I gave birth 
It will give you strength when giving birth 
Okay 
Your [ Baby Lotus | Ou Bao ] is so stylish 
It 's mainly because her mother is awesome 
This is true 
Dress her up every day 
That 's so !~ 
[ Emoticon ] It 's really good to have a daughter 
Exactly , exactly 
[ Emoticon ] I will go have dinner now 
Okay 
Have n’t you slept yet ? 
No 
How are you doing recently ? 
Is everything all right ? 
I am OK 
I just came back from Taiwan 
So much leisure ? 
I am far too busy 
Um 
It is good to be busy 
Fulfilling 
Did you have fun in Taiwan ? 
No 
Did you go there alone this time ? 
Um 
When did there get to be so many people in the group ? 
This is ? 
Did you take the exams for Hubei ? 
Mm 
That ’s right then 
Hubei discussion group 
Oh 
[ What | divine horse ] is this ? 
I understand 
What does this group do ? 
A group for discussing the Hubei civil service exams 
Oh 
(( Xiangru is truely imperious )) 
He lives up to the name he shares with a famous ancient official 
Everyone have a hug 
Anyone with 55 or more ? 
We fall at your feet 
Anyone as high as a score of 57 ? 
55 is a high score 
Over 60 is [ extremely rare | phoenix feather and unicorn horn ] 
I did badly in the Administrative Aptitude Test 
This one below is high 
How do you know that very few got over 60 ? 
I [ have n’t | wood have ] learned with my commanding officer for a long time 
Same question 
Results lists that have been released 
Ours [ has not | wood have ] yet come out , but I know that eight or nine out of ten failed 
I expect I ’m a failure as well 
Xiangru , do you mean your jobs have a highest score of 127 ? 
The feedback has never been that low 
In the national exams it ’s 59 
It seems that my Administrative Aptitude Test was the lowest of anyone 
This time the marking was too strict 
How many ? 
Administrative Aptitude Test 
In reality , a score of 65 means the same ability as 62 or 68 
It ’s too cruel 
I think so , too . A lot have restrictions based on your major 
It ’s very annoying 
The difficulty and the pressure are no =lower than for the college entrance examinations . (( canceled or restricted )) 
Even though a lot of the restrictions based on major are just formal procedures 
I do n’t know how many . Forgotten .
This ratio … 
National examination levels 
Have you received notification of review ? The one cones in a text message .
[ No | wood have ] 
Huang Gang ’s shows that the list has not been released yet . But I just received the text message .
The Hubei HR website wo n’t load again .
So I expect they ’re in 
I do n’t know what ’s going on .
Hehe 
The list has been leaked 
It ’s not an advertisement . It ’s the same as the ones reminding us of the examination venue , and things alike 
So congratulations to you 
Congratulations in advance 
Successful advancement to the playoffs 
I want to look at what place I am .
I always thought you would get a distinction .
But getting a distinction is not the objective .
The Hubei HR website wo n’t load again .
You ’re very lucky , 
Uh . Friends , this is the fourth year I ’ve taken the exam . In the first three years I got a distinction , but I never passed .
You will pass it after a couple of years ' trying . So you will definitely be OK this year , because you have experience 
OK .
Thank you , boys and girls , for your support .
You have made a decisive [ first step | landing ] this year 
Actually , the job that I applied for this year , I would have got it if I ’d applied for it last year . I just hope that I do n’t do worse than two years ago 
Do you have the text version from April 25 ? 
It ’s a distant time … 
One [ guy | child ’s shoe ] wants it but is embarrassed to ask in the group 
Could you help me and look for it ? 
When you go home have a look .
I expect you wo n’t have it 
I have n’t heard about an interview 
Oh 
I really [ have n’t | wood have ] heard either 
I 've arrived in Brazil , no worries ! 
Is Xun Xiaojie in Brazil ? 
In China 
EPRI 's protection bid failed , our price was too high , Relay Protection was ultra low priced .
Will they invite tenders again ? 
Yeah 
Costs are around 650 thousand , just use 800 thousand , the commissioning calculated separately 
EPRI and NR are enemies , so they wo n't give it to NR 
Yeah , the people here told me , their intent is to use us , we held a meeting a while ago , but this time Relay Protection came to stir things up , 
Actually I wanted a low price , but was n't this not agreed to by Wang Su 
So high , asking others EPRI is hard pressed to do 
Just try to get an achievement 
We are 159 , Sifang 143 , NR 95 
Wang Su directly piped that Relay Protection was crazy 
Why did you bid so high ? Was n't this just trying to make some money , frankly speaking for the commissioning costs , we already have people here 
What was he crazy about , fighting for so many years , yet he still does n't know 
Wang Su thinks that if they all use connections then prices wo n't be so low 
The key is that others are n't so easily convinced 
I feared our 1.2 million , others could also easily deal with it 
It is very hard to win the bid with the highest price , you can only fail the bid . Next time we 'll do things right , and have EPRI invite Zhongde to invite tender , things would be better if Zhongde accompanies the bid .
GM Zhou will immediately send it to us ! 
EPRI SVC 's relations are still strained , actually Sifang is watching very closely , their boss even came to Brazil , his aim to develop the South American market , 
Xu Wei , there is no information to confirm that the last bid failed , now it is Sifang and us that are deadlocked , and both parties are going to Institute president level people , 
One arm of the SVC business department , GM Xu wants to hope to use Sifang 's , this guy has fallen for the EPRI General Manager 's people ; 
Our advantages are : 1 : EPRI is already incorporated in Nanrui ; 2 : the major monitoring system is our product , and we have conveniences in technology complementation and project implementation ; 
Please ask the leadership to increase their use of relationships , we can concede a bit on price , the Sifang people are also continuously making efforts .
OK 
You there ? 
You there ? 
I 'm here 
What 's up ? 
Xu Ji 's people came to Brazil last night , their aim is to open up the Brazilian and South American markets , those from Zhongdian SVC also participated in the framework , and also went to the Institute President of the Smart Grid Research Institute , however , they ultimately were not selected due to technology and business reasons 
It was Nanrui and Sifang that won the bid for the framework , with Sifang following very closely , they have continuously been in Brazil this period of time , leadership , technicians and business personnel all came 
I 'm going to Beijing this afternoon , going to do Zhang Fan and the invitation to tender company leader 's work tonight together with Wang Jian .
The invitation to tender conditions : it will be them who add South American market achievements , they have Guyana projects , and they blocked Xu Ji , 
Zhang Fan was busy until midnight yesterday , doing a consultation services contract , and I was beside him helping out , 
He ca n't do much , I told him it was all just Nanrui , 
Actually , they have always been predisposed to use Sifang 's , the technology recommendation manual used Sifang 's , I am planning to find an opportunity to change it over 
When is Zhang Fan going to Brazil ? 
Besides this , for the high voltage transformer protection part , did n't Zhao Anguo tell you to recommend using RCS978 in the invitation for tenders letter , I 've urged the technicians here to tell the design institute to overturn this 
I just returned to China 
He is in China , do you not understand my meaning ? 
I contacted Zhang Fan yesterday 
He is directing their people from afar 
Zhao Anguo is not right in the head , only telling you after returning 
What about him ? 
Forget about TP using PCS , why are they designating CLP 's SVC ? Yesterday I told EPRI 's people , they do n't have the authority to designate which products EPRI will use , they also realized this , 
Last Monday at the project coordination meeting Zhao Anguo said that in the design blueprints that NR had already given to the Brazilian side they had written in the SVC 's main transformer protection as pcs978 , and then Institute President Xi asked Zhao Anguo , are you with Relay Protection ? 
Xi Guofu thought it was very astonishing , the shareholder people helped say things for Relay Protection 
Nobody from NR went ? 
Wang Xiaoming went 
I do n't know how PCS978 got written in , yesterday I told the Purui people , either let Relay Protection give the high voltage transformers to us without compensation , otherwise they do not have the authority to designate what you use 
Later Zhao also reported to Secretary Zhu , his meaning was that we should n't fight , damn , of course Secretary Zhu listened to me 
What was said at the coordination meeting or perhaps it was a description of facts , he should n't have given Secretary Zhu this report 
Right ! 
Later , Secretary Zhu told me in private , Institute Xi had a lot of issues with Zhao 
Ugh , perhaps it 's not the same as us who need to get projects , so detached , 
GM Yu , I 've arrived in Brazil , where are you staying ? 
You and Engineer Tuo are together , right , I am staying in a hotel next to you .
Right , there is also one called Xiaoxiao , 
She is our translator , want to go out together with Engineer Tuo for lunch .
Yeah , whenever you have time , 
12 o'clock , go to the National Grid club 
=Yeah 
You want to go walk by the shore in a bit ? 
OK 
OK , after noon when we come back we 'll go withdraw money =then .
Fine 
GM Wang , you departed 
Sleeping ? 
No , 
We 're going to go to the club to have lunch , you use my meal card to go outside to eat something yourself .
I 'll give you it now .
Are n't you going to use the meal card ? 
As long as it 's not more than 150 it 's fine -- you can use it as long as it ’s a restaurant ; I do n't need it .
OK , thank you ! 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
How many people have signed up for the game ? 
I mean the adult 
group 
Many are asking , all are waiting 
Ah 
They will not sign up until the last minute 
When is the last minute ? 
Next Wednesday 
When does the sign - up start ? 
Good 
Adult games are all amateur 
Yes 
Tell me when the sign - up begins 
I might sign up for single and double games then 
OK , you can sign up any minute 
LOL 
You have professional experience , so you can not play in the adult team , LOL 
We 'll contact at the time of sign - up 
You famous General Chang is afraid of a professional ! 
Now many people want to sign up 
Amateurs and professionals are definitely different 
Then you are not afraid , either 
Ca n't you even beat Wen Chutian ! 
Most people do n't approve that retired professionals play in amateur games 
This is what I 've found out after attending many amateur games 
I can not beat him now 
I am playing much less now 
It ’s unusual to see you online 
You really never chat now with your old sister 
That ’s not true 
Haha , are you dating someone new ? 
Sis 
I ’ve sinned 
I ’m taking TCM medicine every day 
What ’s up ? 
Why are you always =taking medicine ? 
Serious vacuity fire 
=Do you have any symptoms ? 
I ’m always breaking out in =spots 
So you should go and take TCM medicine , too 
I ’ve got to go back to take it 
Right 
Hehe 
These pimples are really irritating 
And they leave scars 
Then you have n’t finished your adolescence yet 
Haha , that ’s impossible 
I ’m 25 already 
You ’re still young 
I ’ve decided to go back to the cosmetic hospital to get it treated 
Have an operation 
Do n’t 
Why ? 
Cosmetic hospitals are not good 
I mean cosmetic surgery hospitals 
My husband knows someone who knows all about them 
You be better getting a TCM doctor to take your pulse properly 
Mm , that would be OK as well 
Wait until you come back 
I do n’t drink enough water 
That could be serious internal fire 
I very rarely eat vegetables 
Mm , mm 
I always stay up late at night 
Go to bed earlier 
I work late shifts 
You should keep a bland diet 
Drink more green tea 
Green bean soup 
=Is that what the doctors say ? 
Yes 
Oh , Hehe . I see 
I ’m going to eat 
I feel like I ’m dehydrated now 
Are you working part - time now ? 
I ’m rather busy this year . I need to do experiments from Monday to Friday . On Saturday and Sunday , I have to prepare for writing my thesis at the library .
Is eldest aunt living at home now or is she going to Guangzhou ? 
I want to call eldest aunt when I have time 
Eldest aunt is hospitalized again 
Pneumonia 
Where is she staying ? 
The doctor made an analogy . Her entire lung is like a dump 
Any bacteria can survive 
It ’s lung infection 
The Guangzhou Chest Hospital 
She was treated there when she had tuberculosis before 
She had also stayed there for 10 days for pneumonia during the Chinese New Year 
It relapses this time 
She is gasping and does not have enough oxygen . When she first came here this time , she did n’t have the air to talk . She took two steps to stop for one 
That is very serious . It is quite troublesome when the body immunity is so poor . She needs to use some higher - grade antibiotics 
She is using some very high - grade ones 
Severe pneumonia 
It costs 190 for a bottle . Three bottles a day 
She has been on it for two to three days . Now , she has the strength to talk 
Do you know what kind of bacteria it is ? 
Um , are they doing empiric therapy or have they conducted bacterial culture ? 
She just left some phlegm for lab test when she got there 
I have n’t asked the doctor if the result has come out yet or not 
Who is accompanying her now ? 
Fifth elder sister 
Has she been staying for five to six days already ? 
Three days 
This is the fourth day 
Is she still taking the tuberculosis medication ? 
I remember that eldest aunt ’s liver function is not very good either 
Give me her phone number . I ’ll call her later 
The tuberculosis doctor said that the problem is gone 
I have a classmate in Respiratory Medicine . I can ask for some opinions . Are eldest aunt ’s heart , liver , and kidney and what not functioning well ? 
40 % of her right lung has pulmonary fibrosis 
So far so good 
The hospital is also checking the heart , liver , and kidney functions now 
Therefore , the examination fee is very high every day 
Right .
The examinations in the early stage are the most costly 
There are also the antibiotics 
The doctor said that the general ones are not effective for her 
That ’s right .
Besides , she has to use the antibiotics to the full . Otherwise , once it becomes drug - resistant , then she ’ll have to use higher - grade ones 
Is this fifth elder sister’s ? 
Eldest aunt ’s 
Which hospital is your classmate at ? 
Problems with the lungs , is it all we can do is to enhance the nutrition and increase the body immunity in normal times ? 
I have more contacts with the ones in Hangzhou now 
That is only one aspect 
Your school ’s affiliated hospital 
In addition , if the lung function is poor , she also needs home oxygen therapy 
Otherwise , it will affect the lung function 
Is it possible that eldest aunt has lung fluid now ? 
At any rate , it is very troublesome . She does n’t pay attention in normal times . She bought an oxygen concentrator but she does n’t use it for a long time 
A little 
They checked the pericardium . There is also a little bit of effusion 
That will affect the cardiac function 
Let me call eldest aunt later to ask her about the situation and then I ’ll ask my classmate for his opinions 
It ’s a major project 
Haha 
He ’s very favorable 
Outstanding 
Um , you ’ll then give me his opinions and I ’ll discuss this with the hospital after that 
Okay .
I ’ll go busy with some business first . We ’ll contact later 
Okay 
I just talked to eldest aunt on the phone 
Eldest aunt is old . Once her health is poor , she is rather depressed 
I could n’t ask about the situation clearly on the phone just now . If you go next time , pay attention to a few issues : 
Does she have a fever ? Does she have expectoration ? Arterial blood gas analysis results , complete blood count results , lung CT , and chest radiograph .
Especially check what antibiotics she is using now . My classmate suggested that if she has phlegm , do atomizing inhalation + Compound Ipratropium Bromide Aerosol ( if it ’s more serious , she can do inhalation and add some hormone to control the infection , the lung function will recover gradually ) = 》 relieve asthma and reduce phlegm .
Eldest aunt also has constipation now . If it ’s only blocked , she can use Glycerol Enema . She can also take Macrogol oral powder or Congrongtongbian oral liquid 
Choose a more effective one when the bacterial culture and the drug allergy results come out .
If the results have not come out yet , do empiric therapy . I reckon he uses third - generation cephalosporin . She can use a better one by Bayer but the price is also more expensive . It costs over 400 a bottle . She can also take it orally . It cost less than 100 a box .
I just came back from eating .
Let me go to the hospital tomorrow to talk to the doctor 
She has phlegm 
It ’s yellow 
He also reckoned that there will be yellow phlegm . I wonder if eldest aunt is simply doing oxygen inhalation or if atomizing inhalation is added to relieve asthma and reduce phlegm 
Simply oxygen inhalation 
There is no atomizing inhalation 
Ask eldest aunt if expectoration is difficult 
Is it too viscous ? I reckon the doctors will also consider these matters 
She needs to use strength in order to expectorate phlegm 
Then when the time comes , ask the doctor politely if it is possible to reduce the phlegm and do atomizing inhalation and what not . Or you can ask what thoughts he has because he knows the patient the best 
Okay 
Did you send that email 
Which email 
I could n't send it over 
QQ 
Wait a bit , the network is too poor 
The network is too poor , I ca n't forward it over , I 've copied it out .
I do n't know what ecom means .
I do n't know either 
There is no context , I expect it is a serial number for protection , for example , 87 is differential protection , 51 is over-current protection 
Yeah 
I just have the comments , I do n't have the original workstatement 
That word file 
Was this found online ? 
Yeah , 
Many thanks 
Send the tax receipt pictures you took with your cell phone to me 
We will persist in using Sifang 's 
We are going to soon merge over , they have been interfacing these couple days back home 
But why do n't you use your protection 
Yeah , I do n't know 
In the future it will be hard to go to you for technical support , Old Yu has already criticized me .
No problem , this is not something you can decide , its all NARI , 
Our leader is the leader , and he is quite capable .
Xu ? 
Right 
Yeah , he has a future 
It was n't until bid evaluations that Science and Technology went to the Institute leaders , the other leaders had greeted them a month or two ago 
You there 
=Here 
What 's up 
Can you return by 11 o'clock on 05 / 30 
Yes 
Then I 'll reserve it for you too ? 
Is it still that company that you reserved when I came ? 
Yes , you can choose to reserve it yourself , he he 
Ask how much money , if it 's about the same then forget it , I looked it up online and its less than 200 
Then you contact Xiaoxiao directly , I 'll directly have her reserve it 
Then just reserve it 
Ha ha , this saves worry 
Is it late ? 
Xiaoxiao 's reply 
It 's not late I think , so it just happens I can go out with you , otherwise are there any other choices ? 
Yeah , OK then .
Have you confirmed the time you 're returning to China ? 
The second I think 
They 're preparing to keep you [ expression ] 
It 's too early 
Yeah , the next time they choose names they 'll want me to coordinate : ) 
OK , however if we do n't buy your stuff how will they choose names , ugh ! 
We 'll meet up again in the future for sure 
That 's true 
If you return on the 31st it 's half the price 
I just replied to Xiaoxiao , if I change it =again would that look bad 
Yeah 
However , she is reserving it tomorrow 
Then I 'll ask her .
Tell her , try looking at Rio 's other airports , they may have something in the afternoon 
Not GIG , an international airport 
He 's reserving it tomorrow , that one will become 510 again .
Its cheaper if you reserve ahead of time 
Yeah , forget it , I mean it 's best if I have an afternoon one 
She probably only looked at those returning to the international airport 
It still has n't been reserved , why do n't we reserve them ourselves 
Remind her , there are other airports 
OK 
I see that SDH has afternoon ones 
OK , I 'll tell her 
Xiaoxiao said there are no afternoon ones 
Take an evening one , Xiaoxiao did not find any 
Yeah , OK 
How much cheaper is it ? 
Did you ask ? 
Did n't you just show me 
I did n't ask 
But did n't you say you could n't save much by reserving tomorrow ? 
Then go tomorrow , I 'll tell Xiaoxiao , the evening is also ok 
Go on the 30th , you sure , work 
Yeah , Engineer Tuo , no problem , whatever day you want to go is fine , I 'll follow you : ) 
Then let 's go the 30th [ expression ] 
What time shall we go ? GM Tuo 
Now 
OK 
? 
=Are =you =there ? 
Yes 
Well , is that something cup determined ? 
No 
Just leave it there 
Oh 
Is your QQ online on your mobile ? 
No 
I =can not send it to you 
I can not send it to you 
I am online . Why ca n't you send it over ? 
Send it to me 
Check this place . Does it say you have logged in at two places ? 
Send it to me 
Tell Xing Li to give me the quotation as soon as possible 
He 'll give it to you soon 
Why have you made it so green ... 
You did n't say anything about your ideas , so I just made a draft on my own thoughts 
Oh 
The cover looks a bit light 
Oh 
It 's not colorful , make it more dynamic 
The entire contents , or just the cover ? 
It would be better if you could unify the styles of the cover and the contents 
(( Many readers will only focus on the contents of the program )) , so it is not =suitable to make it too chaotic 
I 'm thinking that green does not look dynamic enough as the dominant tone 
Usually green and blue should be dominant tones for sports 
I 'll tune it again 
I suggest we use red , it is eye - catching 
OK 
Good 
Shall I put logos there ? 
What logos ? 
I do n't know , some logos of yours maybe 
We do n't have logos ... 
Well 
Received , I 'll show it to my leader 
OK 
Beauty 
In the Organizing Committee , why is there a bracket after Li Weicheng noting that his official level is the Deputy Department Level ? 
If he does so , should n’t everybody else have the same annotation ? 
No 
Then wo n’t it look too outstanding for him as the only one with the annotation ? 
How ’s your driving course going . Ready to take the exam ? 
Because his identity is somewhat special 
He is meanwhile our Deputy Bureau Director 
So an annotation should be added about his Deputy Department Level 
Oh , I am just concerned that other leaders will feel awkward upon seeing the annotation 
Wait , I ’ll ask about it 
OK , I am thinking for you … 
Wait , I ’ll ask about it 
Haha 
Have you finished revision ? 
Send it to me 
I ’ll show it to my leader , and ask about this by the way 
Not yet 
I need more time 
I am filling in our work staff 
Quickly revise it and send it to me 
Should I fill in Jinan or Jinan Sports Bureau for the application unit of the Provincial Tournament ? 
Have you finished the name list ? 
The leader is still reviewing it 
You can stamp the seal of the training base 
I am still revising the regulations 
… .
Still have n’t had your meal ? 
Has the latest come out ? 
Yes 
The title sponsors should also be determined 
Right , give it to me quickly 
And tell me how you changed the Director / Deputy Director of the Organizing Committee 
as I have added the information on our side already 
It ’s difficult to change 
Add any information you want 
This is the summed - up information 
And has nothing to do with yours 
I need it to prepare the program 
You have n’t decided yet , have you ? 
Right , the leader is reviewing it 
That ’s right 
I mean we should always keep the latest information in the program 
Have you finished the program ? 
Almost , the template is done , and I am waiting for its contents . I still have time to prepare the inside pages and can make it really beautiful 
Right 
You need to speed up the ads on the inside front and back covers 
Now what is missing are the ad pages from the sponsors , right ? 
Now that the title sponsorship has been determined 
Well 
Yes 
Which parts of the regulation have been changed ? 
Many parts 
Er , you have got me in trouble 
You ’d better replace it directly 
I need to change the font again 
There ’s nothing I can do . The Provincial Sports Bureau did the change first 
I have revised it for countless times these days 
Me , too 
I do n’t care . You need to treat me to something good if I go to Linyi 
I can not afford it 
[ picture ] I do n’t have the energy to work any more 
Have n’t you finished the leaders ’ name list yet ? 
By the way 
Do you and Section Chief Zhang belong to the Training and Competition Section of the Training Base ? 
Yes 
Use this 
Did you revise the administrative office ? 
Not the staff inside 
What have you revised ? 
What did you say ? 
Did you revise the organizing authority ? 
=Is =there =any =change =made ? 
Is there any change made ? 
Yes 
There are some changes about the Organizing Committee 
… .
I said the organizing authority , elder sister 
Not the organizing committee 
I mean those behind 
Where 
Administrative office ? 
Right 
I did n’t change the staff members , so maybe there is some institutional change ? 
You have to tell me whether you did any change or not . If you did n’t , I ’ll use the original one . If you did , I need to replace them all 
No , I did n’t 
I have the version after adding some new guys , but the leader has n’t finished reviewing yet 
Do you need it = ? 
? 
After the review is done 
OK 
Why have n’t you enrolled for the tournament yet ? 
Have you told your leader that we still have time for the inside pages of the program ? 
It would look much better than only the covers 
Some in the observation group have n’t reported to me yet 
Is n’t the deadline the 30th . There is still time 
Do I need to say this ? 
Of course you do 
Did anyone say we did not have time for the inside pages ? 
Who will do it , outsourced company , us or you ? 
Is n’t it inside front and back covers ? 
Inside front and back covers are for company ads 
Did n’t Director Gu say that it has n’t been decided yet who will prepare the program ? 
He said the =evening newspaper could also do the program 
Evening newspaper 
I do n’t know 
Just tell Director Gu about inside front and back covers this morning 
Never mind , remember to treat me , Linyi , haha 
I did n’t see or hear you 
Silly 
You would not lose any meat by treating me 
I would lose blood 
Do n’t be so exaggerating 
You are a provincial leader 
Getting paid with such a high salary 
I am very poor 
I am a super indebted poor guy 
It would n’t hurt treating us [ small potatoes | privates ] to an ordinary meal 
So have you purchased an apartment ? Awesome , you have real estate 
You have bought an apartment and is learning to drive . Now you say you are poor ? 
I have no apartment , no car , and no savings 
Where does your husband work . What does he do ? 
in Qingdao 
Oh , long - distance relationship 
Transfer him here 
I do n’t have that ability 
I will count on you 
Do you return home every week ? That ’s too troublesome 
Yes 
There is no other way 
Do you have a baby ? 
Not yet 
You need to work on it 
? 
I may not be able to apply for Han Yu . I may not be able to attend the game . I am working in the construction team .
Oh 
Mountain monitoring 
You have really set Wang Yutian up 
If I apply now , what shall I do if I do n’t have time for the formalities . I ’ll just say I have given the materials to you 
Let his mom take care of it 
His mom is in Lanzhou 
Coming back once every two months 
…… 
You are so cool 
So I am busy 
Do whatever you want 
I have work to do , and also need to take care of Han Yu , how many efforts can I spare for the game ? 
Installing monitoring devices for the mountain 
I still have one troop ’s project to finish , they are asking me to speed up 
You ’ve earned a lot 
Flirt with girls after you ’ve made a fortune 
No. I ’ve spent all my money . Have n’t earned a penny yet 
I only flirt with girls who give me money 
Not those who need my money 
I ’m going out . Catch you later .
So what will you do , are you going to apply or not ? 
Yes .
I will apply first .
I will apply for both Han Yu and me .
I ’m back .
Someone wants me to be his partner , so I ’ll also apply for the doubles .
Oh 
Come over in a hurry , then 
OK . I ’ll go look for you after I ’ve got the health certificate 
The buddy that wants to partner with me is really good , he ’s practiced for two years . [ emoticon ] 
I ’ll predict our result : not a single winning .
You there or not 
Tomorrow I 'm going to Shan industrial crafts 
Oh .
In the morning or the afternoon ? 
I 'm prepared to go pick up Sister Lin [ expression ] 
You do n't need to pick me up , the school bus goes directly to your school 
Yeah yeah . . school ? 
What is this about ? 
Going to the graduation exhibition ? 
Yeah yeah 
. . . . . That is in the city not in Changqing [ expression ] 
Last year we went to Changqing 
Oh 
Or not 
Confused , so I wo n't be able to see you 
Did you ask ? 
You should ask and see if it 's really in Changqing or not ? 
Where is your school graduation exhibition ? 
I do n't know myself , if it 's like this I wo n't go 
In the city 
OK 
At the Shungeng Exhibition Center 
Do n't come to Changqing [ expression ] 
OK 
OK . It seems the exhibition is n't finished yet 
Yeah . Are you sure you 'll come tomorrow ? 
What about it 
Nothing .. 
You probably came last year during the school exhibition 
Yes 
Yeah yeah . I expect we 'll go directly to Shungeng this year .. 
Sister Lin misses you [ expression ] 
Are you coming back for Duanwu Festival 
I do n't know . . I 'm not sure if I 'm coming back [ expression ] 
OK 
Have n’t you slept yet ? 
Are you already in the US ? 
I am not far from being abroad . I am in Xinjiang , China 
You are really travelling all around the world 
I am going to have dinner first , I am starving to death 
That 's not good . OK 
Eat less , and be careful not to put on weight 
I am also going to go to bed now . It is not easy to hold on till now 
Totally pissed , I fucking want to divorce him 
What happened ? 
So angry early in the morning 
I got up early to make breakfast . This morning , I brewed snow pear and white fungus soup and cooked some sweet dumplings . As I was in a rush and our daughter was eating slowly , after he finished drinking the soup , I asked him to feed our daughter because I was still frying noodles there , but he told her fumingly to eat fast and forced spoon right after spoon of food into her mouth . Seeing him like that , I really wanted to throw him out , 
All men are like this 
Not one tinge of love 
Where are there men like that ? 
When ours was young , he also forced food into his mouth when I asked him to feed him 
making my mother really angry 
You do n't know his fierce look 
I 'm totally pissed 
The one I have at home is also fierce 
My daughter has n't swallowed , but he forced food into her mouth ferociously again 
Now , my son is absolutely scared of him 
Tell me , for whom did I get so tired making breakfast ? I got up at 6:30 a.m. 
Same for us , when young 
Gave all of you food , yet you made me mad 
He went out just now 
It will be fine when your kid goes to college 
It 's quite tough with both going to work and taking care of the kid now 
Tougher after starting school 
You have to supervise homework and cook 
Sigh , forget it , let 's not talk about him , which only makes me unhappy 
You have to hammer into his head , make him tutor the kid in her study 
Hehe 
Exactly , he ca n't even help with tutoring the kid 
We also often quarreled when our kid was young 
He does n't teach according to how the kid thinks ; when the kid does n't know the answer , he just gets fierce and hits her 
I often went on business trips , so he was nasty to me every day 
I almost got a divorce , too 
It 's actually a bit better now 
Take it slow 
Women should treat themselves better 
feeling better inside 
If not , it 's not worthwhile at all 
My daughter 's foot is still recovering , and when he took care of her on Sunday , he even hit her until there were bruises on her thighs 
Is n't it depressing ? 
Hehe , it will be fine when the kid is a bit older 
Bear with it slowly 
Yin , have you seen Xiaoyan recently ? 
No. You 'll have to ask Xie Hua about this 
He knows ? 
I heard him talk about it once previously 
Oh 
Hey , a few days ago , I heard # # is also divorced 
Divorced for more than a year 
I just heard about it 
You only found out now ? 
Yes 
It 's also quite =tough that she 's taking care of a kid by herself 
Her mother is helping her 
Still quite tough 
But I do n't dare to talk to her about this 
I 've also not asked her 
Did you hear it from your teacher ? 
No 
I heard from someone in my family in Shenzhen 
Her husband is also from Yongxin 
I heard he found someone outside and even had a kid 
But the two were not on good terms 
Sigh , women 
often quarrel 
I have n't heard about this 
# # is also divorced 
Ah 
I realized not few female classmates from my class are happy 
Quite few 
All having it quite tough 
# # is cool by personality , she was the one who asked for divorce 
She felt that they had different personalities and she did n't want to compromise 
But if they are not on good terms , it 's better to divorce 
Her kid is more than 10 years old 
staying with her 
It would also be miserable if they continued to compromise 
But taking care of a kid is quite tough 
Exactly , if the kid is grown up , and she really does n't want to feel any grievance , one only lives for dozens of years 
Sigh 
You have to fulfill responsibility and obligation 
How can one live free and easy ? You always have to live for others 
As such , women can not care too much for the family 
If not , they will give too much , too much 
Huang Fang is quite happy 
Is her husband also from Yongxin ? 
I always say she looked like a petit bourgeois [ emoticon ] 
Her husband is also from Yongxin 
But treats her quite well 
She does n't have to do house chores 
Got a maid ? 
Or is her husband doing the house chores ? 
She has a maid , but she has the say 
Having a maid makes it much easier 
Yes 
Did n't Fang 's elder brother get into an accident when swimming in Guangxi when he graduated from college ? That 's why her parents are living with her in Shanghai 
Her husband treats both her and her family quite well 
Nothing beats when your husband is good to you , right ? After all , he 's someone you have to face every day 
Yes , it happened a long time ago 
She was also attending college in Wuhan then 
Will you go swimming ? Where ? 
I have not gone , yet 
I will accompany you 
I assume I do =not have time lately 
After it gets hotter 
Do you know how to swim ? 
Yes , I do 
To East Lake ? 
Speak 
I can not go lately 
Lately I have business in the house 
Then I will go by myself 
Ok 
Have n't you slept yet ? 
Have you been busy lately ? 
Oops , you are online 
I am a bit busy 
I was astound for a bit 
Hehe 
Now it is noontime , the time for work 
faint 
Is it supposed to be noontime break ? 
You do n't nap during noontime break ? 
I used to 
Gradually I stopped to nap 
.. Alright , you are starting to be American 
Are you at school now or in your supervisor 's office ? 
I am at the supervisor 's office 
I should be looking for jobs in September 
I have to get used to not taking noontime naps now 
Oh 
If you start looking for jobs , your supervisor should be very helpful 
Your supervisor has a company of his own , how capable is that ? 
He should n't be 
Many people are not so optimistic about his company 
Especially those of his former students , who are teachers now 
Ah .. what do you think ? 
I do not want to stay here , either 
I want to go around 
Um , that should be so 
Hehe , alright . I will stop from here . Oh I will go to bed now . Have to get up early tomorrow for a meeting 
Um 
Good night 
Are you there ? 
What 's up ? 
I 've heard you 're apt to chat on QQ and whatever with Teacher Li , right ? 
I do sometimes , but not much 
Oh 〜〜〜 What I wanted to say was to ask you to ask something about the NOCFL for me 
OK , I 'll ask it 
Otherwise , you could just leave it be 
Will you ask it ? 
I 'll ask it . I 've noticed her cellphone is online 
I 've heard the staff position is no longer available ... 
Gosh 
Who did you hear that from ? 
Someone said it in the group 
Well , did n't you sign a contract back then with the NOCFL ? 
Will Teacher Li =despise me for being too lily - livered , not even daring to ask myself ? 
That was all unofficial 
Just a letter of confirmation 
Oh 
I heard someone called today , and it was Teacher He who answered the phone 
It ca n't be , but Teacher Li never favors staying abroad for so long 
I do n't know who it was either 
Hmm 〜〜 
Oh , He is a young lady who has just arrived 
She sits opposite Teacher Li 
It looks like she has even asked her managers what to do 
and she said there was no permanent position available ... 
Is that so ? 
So should I ask again ? 
They 're all =swindlers 
I sent her a message on the Internet , and she has n't replied yet . Her cellphone is online ; she probably has n't seen it yet 
Oh 〜〜 Thanks ! 
Hmm , never mind 
It 's in a terrible mess 
The NOCFL 's way of doing things is typically Chinese 
And so is Fudan 's 
It looks like they have started doing things , without everything having been decided properly ... 
Even failed to keep their promise ! 
They are only responsible for themselves 
That 's why it 's like that 
Hmm 〜〜〜 
I strongly suggest that you go and become the school president !!! 
Academician Wang 〜〜〜〜〜 
People who always take responsibility for other people can not become leaders 
Only irresponsible people can get the job 
Haha 
Experienced person , clear up the confusion 
Is it necessary to buy a children ’s toilet ? 
Um 
That seated one 
My son goes poo poo by himself now 
Is n't this one of yours a little small ? 
If he has to poop , he 'll just go sit on it himself 
Why did n't you buy him a big one ? 
Is n't your little girl still small ? 
This is just right . If it 's big it wo n't be easy to brush 
Like a little puppy running over by himself to pee and poop 
Do n't need to buy expensive ones for these kinds of things . Ca n't use it very long 
I 'm afraid she wo n't sit 
She 's very bad now . As soon as she sees we 're going into the bathroom she goes stiff 
Clearly has to pee but just wo n't . Then pees as soon as we come out 
This one of ours did n't start sitting until after two years old 
Just that way . Haha . They 're all like that 
Are you going to work ? 
Yes 
Want to resign . Wages are too low 
Already resigned 
Good 
Switch then . Raising children is so expensive 
I 'm going to welcome a client . Talk when I get back , ha 
Dear , are you there ? 
The Chongqing payroll sheet was done according to the new wage structure 
Overseas subsidies are all calculated at the front , right ? 
There is a separate column 
There is n't Yuan Fang and them anymore 
Wang Yulong 
No 
There are only a few people 
There wo n't be any of them later ? 
Who decided this ? 
Have n’t had them since I took over 
Dear 
Right ? 
I did n't pay attention before 
It was reportedly adjusted in October ? Or September ? 
[ Oh | O ] 
During your maternity leave ? 
Yeah 
The data in this version has no changes from the data in the one I sent you previously 
Just the structure changed 
Chongqing 's basic wages are lower than that of Ji'nan ? 
The formula for the skill lecturers is not so easy to calculate 
Based on what ? Are n't their commodity prices high ? 
The minimum local standard 
Yes 
I do n't know either 
Our basic wages here have also uniformly adjusted , 1,380 
Ji'nan 's minimum standard 
What about your expert ? 
So unreasonable 
Their wage total is higher than ours . The social minimum is lower than ours 
How do we have such bad luck ? 
Hehe 
Do you know how much the average social wages are in Ji'nan City ? 
Do n't know 
You are not trying to irritate me again , are you ? 
Sorry to trouble you with the payroll . Many numbers are ground out 
Dear , I do n't see any problem on the payroll 
Send an email 
Okay 
I just searched on Baidu . The average social wages are a bit lower than Ji'nan 
Okay . I 'll send an email then 
K 
You there ? 
In a meeting , 
What 's up 
Is it convenient for you to chat a bit ? 
Of course , 
Sitting across from me is Relay Protection , to my left is the National Grid of Brazil , to my right is the Brazilian Owner , 
I ran into Zhang Fan this afternoon , 
Zhang Fan said that the domestic feedback that Zhang Tuo gave was that the National Grid of Brazil Company required SVC protection to also use NR , is this the case ? 
That is high voltage transformer protection 
Do they not care about low voltage differential bustbars and four in ones ? 
The National Grid of Brazil is very against adopting Sifang , otherwise I listened to National Grid of Brazil 's thoughts and wo n't deal with 
High voltage transformers 
what about the high voltage transformer protection 
If the national grid of Brazil company insists on using NR , then this will be rather troublesome .
If EPRI insists that this is provided by them and so decided by them ; 
They insist on using NARI , did n't say NR 
The principle for the resistance is that Sifang is not in the national grid system 
I know about the resistance to Sifang , and national grid of Brazil only said they 'd use NARI , they did n't emphasize NR did they ? 
It is very troublesome , did n't the report make it very clear 
Yeah 
So it 's quite delicate , they just took off the PCS978 that passed the design institute , and brought in Sifang , you can imagine my emotional state 
This afternoon I went with Wang Su to talk to General Manager Xu Qiang of China EPRI Science and Technology , GM Xu said they took out NR the day the bidding started .
GM Xu said EPRI only participated in the technology bidding evaluation , and that the final decision was still decided by the Smart Research Institute .
Wang Su met with Secretary Zhou , and also met with Song Chu of the National Grid Industry Department , 
Song Chu also gave a call to Secretary Zhou , 
Presently the only domestic technical difficulty is that Xu Guizhi of the SVC Business Department is not familiar with the protection of the technology , 
In the end , Secretary Zhou said there was no problem .
Tomorrow morning I 'll drag along Pan Shuyan to discuss high voltage protection with Xu Guizhi , and put out Xu Guizhi 's worries .
That ’s right 
Currently its basically confirmed , Sifang definitely wo n't work .
I do n't know who wrote in 978 last time , NND 
At the fastest the national grid will announce this week , EPRI Engineering and EPRI Science & Technology will all come to Nanrui .
This was told to us by NR 's Du Gang and Zhao Anguo .
What is he doing ? Are n't they quite good 
? Why are n’t they fighting for it ? I even told him this at the time 
Under the current overall environment , the SVC 's protection would definitely use Nanrui , 
As for transformer protection , we ca n't come out on top , this is perhaps still hard to say .
We have now even chopped down Zhao Anguo 's heart .
I think if at best then NR will go to Institute President Xiao , and in the end Institute President Xiao will decide if the main transformer protection uses EPRI Science and Technology or NR 's .
You remember not to bring up anything about me supporting EPRI in Brazil , 
This morning EPRI 's technicians were joking saying that I was a mole 
Zhang Fan knows that you 're in Brazil .
More or less , but we need to fight for this , 
Do n't you think that the leader has a plan 
In a bit I will report to Secretary Zhu .
Of course he knows , it 's just do n't take pains to bring it up , how Wang Jun is and so , 
If you do this the people here will strongly dislike it , and it wo n't be easy for me to do , 
It was hard to get all sides to support them , the technology , the proposal , and also doing the translations , establishing an excellent relationship 
Actually , presently the direction of Zhang Fan 's winds have already turned towards Nanrui , 
After all , Xu Guizhi is in technology , and is not too concerned with mergers and consolidation , 
Tomorrow Pan Shuyan will be responsible for winning her over in terms of technology , 
I will win her over in terms of the future development of Nanrui .
Brother , do n't worry about it .
Wang Jian kept me company two days , 
Tomorrow , there is no one to accompany me at the greater North China region , however , Pan Xiao over here is helping quite a bit .
Yeah , the result is basically its likely to be what 's said in the report , however , through this time , and the cooperation between you and me , the leader has a plan , do n't worry ! 
Wo n't the NR people definitely go to the National Grid of Brazil people to try to sway them on the main transformer protection issue ? 
Yeah 
The result will likely be that the main transformers will be given to NR , and the rest to Science and Technology .
In summary , before Institute President Xiao has the final say , we 'll just do our jobs , understand ? 
The best result would be that the main transformers are also given to us , by blocking EPRI the National Grid of Brazil is saying that Sifang is not in the state grid system , they did n't say anything else , you understand , EPRI and NR are sworn enemies , 
Today GM Xu of EPRI Science and Technology also said they would definitely not give NR , the gap between these two has become very large .
That 's ok too , Science and Technology leads , in reality the transformer protectors are NR 's , that 's ok too , they 'll have achieved something , let NR take the loss of being silent .
This is no good , when the time comes NR will raise prices .
If we go sign back NR , in time NR will put on airs .
This will naturally be harmonized by the institute , 
of course this result is not the result I want .
If they harmonize then we 'll use Science and Technology , what could the National Grid of Brazil say ? We are also NARI 's , the design institute does n't manage us 
Brother , listen to me , as long as Boss Xiao does n't decide this matter , then Science and Technology will be used for main transformers . What do you say ? 
Ok 
Xu , you work hard to get this done , the Institute President Xi and GM Zheng are waiting to see what happens , 
Although they will curse you out on stage , you have to be mentally prepared , ok ? 
None of that is an issue .
If it counts , those who do business have to have a place to return to , and accept older brother 's tutelage , 
Institute President Xi knows , he said at the meeting to go ask about , making it plain Institute President Xi does n't want to deal with this matter .
If it was n't for Zhao Anguo 's big mouth saying that the design company wrote PCS978 as the main transformer protectors , Institute President Xi would not have gone to ask about this matter , 
Fuck , it would be good if we had NR 's solidarity and craftiness .
He had a strategy in doing this , 
Think about it , if it were you that had been continuously leading this matter , after half a day of swaying , in the end denying it arbitrarily , 
Institute President Xi will definitely not help NR , this point is definite .
Right , through this matter , the leader will know about your craftiness and solidarity in leading international support , this is good 
I just reported to Secretary Zhu , 
Secretary Zhu is extremely supportive of us , he says as long as Institute President Xiao does n't order anything , we 'll act as if we do n't know , and just go on and do it .
Furthermore , even if NR goes to Institute President Xiao through GM Cai , then at that time Institute President Xiao will have to weigh whether he 's doing right by the shareholders or not .
Secretary Zheng also supports this , Secretary Zhu also supports this , Wang Su also knows , dang . So what is there for us to fear ? 
In summary , you just fight with NR to the end ! 
You there ? 
At the moment I am discussing the matter of tomorrow 's exchanges on technology with Pan Shuyan , among the issues , the NSR621 protection is quite complicated , 
Pan Shuyan is a bit unsure .
321 , huh ? 
Electrical capacity / electrical reactor protection , how is it 321 
Ugh , how can he not be sure on this ? 
Pan Shuyan wanted to ask , is there anything special for the filter circuit protection , TC circuit protection , TSC circuit protection placed in the SVC ? 
There is nothing special , just over-current and differential motion protection , the only thing is last time they brought it up they did n't need filtering for ultra-harmonics when taking samples , Pan will understand , 
Main transformer protection filers above 5 times 
We can do this , 
If the client brings it up , because protection currently all takes care of power frequency volume , but they brought up that ultra-harmonics also is important , 
You 've hit the point , this is what they mean , they do n't need filtering 
You mean that the 22kV protection does not need filtering for ultra-harmonics ? 
Just use the integral algorithm 
We have the main transformer integrals as well as Fourier 
They have several they do n't need , equivalent to needing non-bid customizations , not difficult , 
Take off the filtering circuitry from the hardware , use the integrals on the software , 
Xu Guizhi also does protection , if she brings it up , we can do it , ok .
This is not related to the main transformers , 
22kV , right 
Yeah 
I 'll discuss and exchange with the design institute , if anything comes up leave a message 
Are you there ? 
I 'm here , what instructions 
I sent you the outline of the exchange with Xu Guizhi of EPRI , did you read it ? 
I saw it , it made Huo Yanchan think I was Nanrui Brazil , and held meetings in Beijing in the past 
Do n't worry about him 
At the beginning Xu Guizhi was indifferent , and looked down upon us because we had no track record , and were n't as good as Relay Protection or Sifang .
Later on I expect she came around , and became more friendly to me .
Yeah , she is an iron woman , 
Tomorrow morning ( the 31st ) we 're convening a meeting with the research and development center , the transformer company and the design department to discuss division of labor .
Have the Sifang been vetoed ? 
Yesterday Wang Su met with Song Chu of the National Grid Industry Department , 
Song Chu gave a call to Secretary Zhou , 
Secretary Zhou sent Wang Su a text message saying it was no problem , 
I saw the text message on Wang Su 's cell phone with my own eyes .
Today , on Xu Gui Zhi 's cell phone I also saw the text message that Zhang Fan sent her , 
The text message also said that Song Chu gave Secretary Zhou a call , 
Probably Secretary Zhou told Zhang Fan later ( Zhang Fan is Secretary Zhou 's man ) , and Secretary Zhou did n't want to directly call GM Wu , 
Secretary Zhou had Zhang Fan send word to GM Wu , saying that they would select Nanrui Science and Technology for protection .
Oh , I had the EPRI people go meet with the National Grid of Brazil , saying that SVC would be lead by EPRI , 
Currently , the equipment is in the invitation for tenders phase , NR did not participate in the framework , and does not have the qualifications , 
So , using 978 in the design is not appropriate , but they will definitely consider the requests of the national grid system 
Later , when we were discussing SVC cabinets , the National Grid of Brazil people and the NR people did n't have objections .
The design institute did n't say anything either 
What about GM Wu ? 
GM Wu ? 
Today EPRI 's Huo Yanchuan and Zhou Gong both said that our main transformer protectors and main transformer monitors have to be placed in the main control rooms , and not placed in the SVC closets , but in the SVC package .
Wu is keeping away , and not fighting with us , today I saw the company employee name list on their office desk , how could I be wrong ! 
Yesterday , the person that Wang Su went to see was General Manager Xu Qiang of EPRI Science and Technology .
Xu Qiang does n't deal with things , everything is decided by the chairman of the board .
And the chairman of the board is managed by the institute . It ’s the same as Wang Yanliang being able to manage Ji Kanyi , you understand ? 
Forget it , last time everybody all said they 'd use ours , it 's safe once we 're in , let 's first sign the contract , 
Anyway , Du Gang may even want to up end the transformer protectors 
Actually the Smart Research Institute is also waiting to consolidate the Nanrui information before formally announcing .
If you and I coordinate early on , I will go to Brazil before Chinese New Year 's , and will let GM Cai fully see things clearly , then there would be no NR to worry about 
This afternoon I told Wang Su , this matter can only be 99 % , 1 % is that Rely Protection will cause trouble , 
The result was Wang Su cursed me for being conservative , saying they 'd go to the National Grid 's Industry Department for this matter , and Secretary Zhou had guaranteed it , there will definitely be no problem .
NR saw GM Cai in Brazil , Dao Gu said that Science and Technology did n't have high voltage protection experience , 
Also , our GM Zhao is so aloof , if you were GM Cai you 'd also consider it , after all one 's official cap needs to be tight , 
SVC is relatively independent , so it ’s a bit easier 
Let 's not talk about it , a fall in the pit is a gain in wit 
I 'll also send you tomorrow morning 's meeting summary , 
Domestically things are presently run by Yang Bin , Wu Chonghao is still in charge of research , over here on site you are to coordinate with Zhang Tuo and them , OK ? 
This week I have basically put down all of the matters , I am just working on this one thing .
Do n't be too optimistic about this matter at first , that Xu Guizhi is still worried about our high voltage transformer protectors , and they may choose Relay Protection 's ! 
You there ? 
Yeah , I 'm just about to go out , tell me if anything 's up asap 
Wait 5 minutes 
OK 
Today , Wang Su gave me a call , saying that EPRI 's SVC Business Department people filled a complaint with the Smart Research Institute this morning , saying me and Pan Shuyan 's attitude was very arrogant when we went to negotiate yesterday , 
Although they did n't clearly say it was Nanrui Science and Technology , however , the unspoken meaning was that they 'd use Nanrui Science and Technology for protectors .
After this , Secretary Zhou called Wang Su to criticize us , and then Wang Su asked me what was this about .
This definitely can not be blamed on you , they just want to make trouble , 
I think that you and Shuyan went over with upmost respect , why is it they want you to kneel ? 
That woman can really make trouble ! 
It seems that this Xu Guizhi still has some issues with us , but now she ca n't find any other problems .
She ca n't say our price is high , nor say our technology is bad , after all the Smart Research Institute has already decided to give it to us , so she can only say our attitude is bad .
That 's right , 
I brought over some tea , and invited them out to eat at noon .
If this still counts as a bad attitude , then I have nothing to say .
Xu Guizhi is being treated as Wu Shouyuan 's gun .
Do n't argue with women , ok , 
You remember , material is handed over to their specified channels , whatever you do do n't say in front of her that you 're giving it to the people here through me , she is trying to find trouble 
It 'll be given to Brazil through their people , cced to me , and I 'll think of something ok 
The reason I 'm telling you this matter is not because I ca n't endure it , but just to let you know of this matter , Xu Guizhi will definitely say things to Zhang Tuo that are disadvantageous to us , and you should have ways to deal with this ahead of time . For materials , I will definitely go through Huo Yanchuan domestically to submit it , I thought of this point a long time ago .
We have to drag her down , I am not as unhindered here as I was before , I expect this is because of Xu 
Has it become more difficult starting today ? 
It began to be like this beginning yesterday , let 's not talk about it 
This shows that this is something good , but you definitely need to watch her ! 
It seems that Xu Guizhi told Zhang Tuo last night .
On Monday they would give some materials to Huo Yanchuan , if this does n't get to Brazil , then there 'd be problems .
Why do n't you hand over the protector allocation matter to An Guo to confirm ? 
The entirety has always been with Zhang Luo , and there are some allocations I am not happy with , he should participate 
Yesterday I talked with Yang Zhihong , he nodded to have Wu Chonghao lead in being responsible for technology .
Oh , Zhao is definitely not happy 
In reality it would be best if Zhao was responsible for this matter 
I actually did n't think on it that much , 
I went directly to Yang Zhihong , just fearing that those below would be against this , 
If we go to Zhao Anguo , I will need to go through the stock company leadership to go to Director Xia , you understand ? 
Zhao is currently in the Project Management Department .
Furthermore , yesterday Wu Chonghao and Xu Xionggao accompanied Secretary Zheng in high voltage protector negotiations with clients in Chengdu , 
After Wu Chonghao received my phone call , he reported to Secretary Zheng , Secretary Zheng definitely paid attention to this , 
Afterwards , Wu Chonghao and Xu Xionggao took the 11 o'clock pm plane back to Nanjing .
OK , no need to say so much . If you have something to do first go out , if anything comes up notify me on QQ .
You there ? 
Yeah 
Any changes today ? 
No changes , just notifying you to use proper channels to give them materials , 
Since after hitting you to go negotiate it seems we 've drifted quite a ways apart , I expect this is Zhigui 's doing 
It seems she still wants to coordinate with Wu Shouyuan to save Sifang .
Perhaps 
Does Sifang also have people in Brazil ? 
They came over for a while , but left , they were just a bunch of idiots , and just had one bad engineer , 
It was quite difficult for them to be a party A , they looked bad 
We gave them enough face .
They will soon enter Nanrui , just wait .
Would you fancy not having Sifang come to us to do proposals , discuss technology , return framework bid solicitations , notify us of winning bids , and solicit bids behind us , and bring in Relay Protection as well , are you crazy ? ! 
This entirely is crazy 
This is all plotted by that woman Xu Guizhi 
94 , 
Just watch how they turn from side to side and perform .
Hehe , my boss wants you to take a couple of photographs of the Korean restaurants . Just pick two big or famous ones . Do it with 3 or 4 different angles for each one , you do not have to go inside , only the facade . Do you think it is convenient for you ? 
Let me try . I do n't even know where the Korean restaurants are here 
He said he can provide you with the addresses 
But I think it will be more convenient if you pick on your own 
You decide , if you need addresses , I will send them to you 
If there are addresses , send them to me for reference 
I will e - mail you later . Thanks [ emoticon ] 
I rarely eat out , so I do n't really know 
Dr. Lin , my wife has gone back to China recently ; so you can give the rent for the next three months directly to her . She will call you 
OK . No wonder I saw a person who resembled your wife very much at Apartment 17 yesterday 
I was taken aback and thought how there could be someone in the world who looked so much alike 
Right , she stayed =there for one night 
Haha 
She looked younger after coming back from America 
Really ? Hehe 
I thought it was a young schoolmate who looked like her 
She got nothing to do here , just eating , drinking and enjoying herself 
That 's good , hehe 
You are all doing fine , right ? 
Yes , it 's pretty nice living here 
That 's good 
My wife will contact you after she finishes doing her stuff 
Sorry to bother you 
No bother at all , you are being too polite 
Hehe 
Our baby is still with me in America 
I have coaxed him into sleeping 
You are a super daddy now , great 
Talk to you later 
Just =leave me a message if something comes up 
leave a message 
OK 
Talk to you later 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Why does the hard drive version of FM2013 I downloaded always exit automatically ? 
I do n’t know . I am using the authorized edition 
What kind of automatic exit ? 
It just suddenly bounces out 
Not stable 
Forget it . I ’ll just buy one 
It has automatically exited countless times 
Sugar , [ embarrassedly | weakly ] let me ask you something . Will the Water Babies still get here ? If not , I 'll buy something else 
It will definitely come . Although customs is slow , they wo n't keep it 
But if you ca n't wait why do n't you just change it ? 
I 've already waited two months 
Going to be scorched 
Haha . Why do n't you look at other reliable ones ? 
When can that vitamin I asked you about yesterday arrive ? 
The 180 tablet chewable vitamin tablets 
In fact , you 're asking me when it can arrive , I really want to know too . The [ customs administration | customs big brother ] speed is so unregulated 
Are you there or not ? 
I 'm here 
Has Old Yu left ? 
No , he changed to go on the same flight as us 
Encouraging ! 
Yanchuan gave me a call last night , saying he 'd come over around the 15th 
Right , OK 
It seems he gives you a lot of care 
He does n't know I 've come to Brazil , he still thinks I 'm in Beijing , so he called 
Right , we currently have n't decided to use Science and Technology or Relay Protection , currently we may likely use Relay Protection , theirs is a bit better for transformer protection , 
If you want to do it , you will have to have sufficient advantages for it to work .
Yeah , this research center will give you confidence and advantages , 
I am helping you to look at that presentation , it is entirely a private job , do n't worry 
You can see the one submitted last time was not carefully verified , 
I 'll correct these mistakes , its 2 sets 
So the foreigners caught it , the foreigners are attentive , but that 's not to say they understand protection well 
So , some technical details that were not submitted , they ca n't understand 
Yeah 
I 'll write 1 and 4 , you do 2 , I ca n't say about 3 for certain , you first start preparing it .
I recommend taking out all the protection model numbers it involves 
, if you take them out , others wo n't ask you for them , it 's exactly because you wrote CSC * ** , so others asked you for it 
OK , then I 'll take out all the model numbers , and not provide a manual , 
The manufacturer has n't set this , and can not provide it .
Yeah , if others ask you , you just say we are still in the process of selecting models , and as soon as they 're set , we 'll immediately give them 
Yeah , OK 
I 'm leaving on the 2nd , thank you for your hospitality while I was here , a few suggestions before I leave , 
OK , say them 
1 : I see that you are very diligent , very tired , I recommend in the future you learn to : do some things and leave some things undone , 
Projects are huge affairs , it 's unlikely that you can do everything , be capable in everything , 
Giving things to you to do is not asking you to do everything personally 
I accept this and will actively make corrections 
Anything else 
You are only an interface , you only need to notify them in a timely manner , asking them to prepare the English for you , 
As a leader , you only need to verify things at most , 
That is reasonable 
You need to learn how to maneuver various resources and personnel 
Yeah , many thanks .
Actually , for your coming to Brazil , the only extra burden is language , I expect you also work hard in projects in China 
I 'll go on telling you these matters , the second factor : what you complete and the time , you have to be clear on this , others will give you good looking stuff 
There is a lot of this in China , in China you only go on - site for technology guidance , and there are no specific matters , at most the on - site environment is a bit bad , but it is more fun and there is less miscellaneous matters than at home , it 's easy , 
It 's no good here , language is the biggest hindrance , you ca n't do client services .
Currently we do n't speak the language here , and as to what to complete I always can not get a handle on the essentials .
If you have gains you 'll have losses , your diligence today will definitely be rewarded another time 
I hope so , I currently think like this .
Do n't think I am speaking for Yanchuan , in reality I only have an average relationship with him , I just think he has affinity ; 
If you do n't let loose and have them do things , you 'll always be encumbered , and your subordinates will have complaints against you .
You only need to work to where you can clearly explain things , you verify the key matters , that there are no mistakes .
You get it ? In coming here , I also have to deal with many contractual matters , who will do this ? 
A few girls and a young chap are doing it , 
I told them to let me take a look before the formal document is sent , and send after I approve it , 
I also made a flow chart for all of their issues , and the interfaces for each department 
The document you were just talking about , we already formally brought up that it will be written by you guys , 
It 's not private work , you can rest , other people in your company should complete it .
I 'll learn from you , and stay closer to the leadership position .
I will still submit it to you as usual , you can preview it , 
The one they submitted is also the one they thought they understood : ) , this is private work : ) 
Thank you for your support ! 
I am too soft , ha ha 
Yeah 
For the protection invitation for tenders , Nanrui and Relay Protection 's prices are the lowest , right ? 
Yeah , they smashed the situation 
Oh , however it was bold enough .
Right , 
I am checking out and leaving , when the time comes I 'll go directly to the airport , the eight o'clock GOL 
OK , we 'll see you at the airport 
I 'm now coming down to send you off , ha ha 
Now what ’s the situation ? 
We just departed 
Be tolerant if the service is not good 
Hi , Manager Gong , are you there ? 
I 'm having a problem now , we just got Nursing online these two days 
When entering body temperature in the handheld PDA system , it is normal when entering the afternoon measurements , it shows after a box ; when entering the morning measurements , it just does not show 
Sorry , I have n't been online the whole afternoon 
Is the problem solved ? 
No , I ca n't figure out the cause 
We have a testing tool 
Is it normal in it ? 
Oh , what PDA device are we using ? 
android or mobile ? 
Hmm , mobile ce6.1 
Why are n't we using android ? 
How about this , I 'll get an engineer from here to help take a look tomorrow 
It is said it is being developed … 
No choice , it would be much easier if it were Android , you only need to go on the tablet directly 
Yes , one of the hospitals did not have the device , so we got the nurses to improvise using their own cellphones 
Most of them know how to use , this is quite good 
OK , let 's talk in the office tomorrow . Anyway , now we are not sure where the problem lies 
OK , I 'll get the engineer to touch base as soon as possible tomorrow 
OK , OK , I also contacted Engineer Bian in the afternoon 
Engineer Bian is not familiar with this 
Over here in Shandong , we are mainly the only one using this port 
Oh , OK , how about tomorrow , you see =who 's more familiar with this and then assign an engineer 
OK , I 'll get him to contact you tomorrow 
=Hi , Engineer Bian , are you there ? 
I 'm having a problem now . We just got the handheld PDA system online for the Nursing these two days . When entering body temperature in it , it is normal when entering the afternoon measurements , it shows after a box ; when entering the morning measurements , it just does not show 
You mean 
it is our company's ? 
Is there something wrong with the interface ? 
No 
The key thing is , the blood pressure measurements entered in the afternoons can be shown on your electronic medical records 
OK with blood pressure 
It just does n't show when morning measurements are selected 
There should be no problems with electronic medical records . =If there is nothing wrong with the way the nurses operate it , we will have to look at the interface for the cause 
Can you let me take a look through remote access ? 
I do n't know which patient number it is 
Yesterday , when I went down to the department , I saw the nurse do the entering 
After that , I also tried 
Indeed , after the morning measurements are saved , there is no information in the electronic medical records 
It is fine with the afternoon measurements , though 
In that case , do you think it is the problem with the electronic medical records ? 
Because this involves the system of two places 
Body temperature is entered into the pda and saved in the pad 
The question now is whether it is like this in the whole hospital , or is it only for certain patients ? 
It 's like this everywhere 
If this problem happens everywhere , I will have to look at the interface for the cause 
Who did the interface for the hospital at that time ? Get them to check 
They asked me to look for the electronic medical record engineer … 
Now , I think the problem is that the data at their side are not transmitted here 
Oh , I 'll ask later 
=Hi , Engineer Bian , are you there ? 
Now , there is a surgery done for medical record no. 244088 on the 30th , and inside Nursing , the number of days after surgery shows as 1 / 14 
Nursing said it should be 1 / 1 
I made changes =inside , and when saving the data , it showed grey and could n't save 
Remote access 
Use the director 's machine , there 's no one 
I do n't have electronic medical records =here 
The electronic medical records on the server are even wrong frequently 
I do n't have remote access software installed here 
I can only seek remote access 
If I turn it on , it will be very choppy … 
You must use the employee number of a nurse 
I 'll change it remotely 
guest1 password 
zz3hospital 
Is the admission number 244088 ? I could n't find this person 
Select time 
You need to change it to week 
Surgery patient number 
There are four 0's in front … 
0000244088 
Got it now ? 
Yes 
Why did your nursing department say to write 1 / 1 ? 
Surgery performed on the 30th 
So should n't it be 1 / 14 ? 
I do n't know 
This is totally correct , it 's based on Shandong Medical Record Documentation Standard 
The nurse said to change to 1 / 1 … 
All of you must have some nursing knowledge , otherwise they often pull the wool over others ' eyes 
What does that mean ? 
1 / 14 means the last surgery is 14 days ago ; surgery done on the 30th is one day ago 
Oh 
1 / 1 means the last surgery is one day ago ; surgery done on the 30th is also one day ago 
Which one do you think is correct ? 
Idiot 
Totally confusing 
This patient must have had a surgery previously .
You can not listen to the nurses 
See , it is written very clearly on his body temperature sheet 
Brother Peng , I 'll give you a screenshot 
Then , why is it that in the medical record , the information starts only from the 30th ? 
There was a surgery on May 17 
Oh 
Right now , there are no problematic sheets in the electronic body temperature sheets 
OK , I know now , I will tell them 
When we at the information department receive their calls , it is better to take a look at their medical records carefully 
Take this medical record for example , there is no problem in the electronic body temperature sheet 
Yes 
Still not right after sorting it out 
Still not right here 
It should be 1 / 14 but still shows as 1 / 1 
What do you really want ? 
This 1 / 1 corresponds to the record for the 30th 
It should be 1 / 14 , now it is 1 / 1 
Did n't you say the other way round just now ? 
Yes , but the department told me it has to be changed to 1 / 1 , and now the head nurse said to change to 1 / 14 
Just change it 
Change it directly 
Where to change ? 
It should have been 1 / 14 , but you had to change it to 1 / 1 
After changing it , you also ask me to change it back 
Change it directly in the box 
Just now , that young nurse said the one in the batch is wrong , 1 / 14 must be changed to 1 / 1 
Save directly after changing 
Now , the head nurse said the one in the batch is correct , the 1 / 1 shown on the body temperature sheet outside is wrong and should be 1 / 14 
Just change it directly 
Save after changing 
Change directly here ? 
Yes 
I ca n't enter 
Save after changing 
Did you see what I did just now ? 
I ca n't enter , how to change ? 
No , that was Wang Xiang 's machine 
Give me remote access , I 'll do it again 
My machine , currently fixing a wireless PDA machine 
Take a look 
Free in the afternoon ? I ca n't go over now , currently fixing a wireless PDA 
It should be fine 
If you told the nurse in the beginning that that was correct , everything would be fine , right ? 
The key thing is , the nurse and the head nurse said different things 
Had to change to 1 / 1 , now have to change it back 
Find out about the body temperature sheet entry rules and you wo n't get fooled by them in future 
Depressed 
Brother Peng , what software exam did you take ? 
Network engineer 
OK , I 'll go eat now 
When you have time in the afternoon , =holler 
OK , this afternoon , I 'll get someone from my department to contact you ; I 'm off in the afternoon 
Depressed , I have to go back late at noon 
I still have to fix the wireless device 
It 's all work 
Yes 
Hello 
Hello 
Where do you work in Wuhan ? 
I work in Dongxihu 
Live in Qiaokou 
That ’s a long way away , 
I ’m over here in Optics Valley 
Oh 
So what shall we do , given that it ’s a long way 
It does n’t matter , there ’s the metro 
Haha 
Do you do IT ? 
Did n’t you say it ? When you love a person , you feel very fortunate whatever you do , so I ’ll walk a bit further , and I ’ll feel fortunate too 
No , 
Haha 
I do n’t mind walking a bit further , either 
I work in the provincial sport administration ’s research institute 
Wow 
That ’s the first time I ’ve ever heard of that work unit 
Haha , I only heard about it when I was a postgrad , too 
What research does the sport administration do ? 
The sport administration has two major areas of responsibility , 
One is public participation in sport 
One is competitive sport 
Public participation in sport is developing sport , improving the health of the people 
Mm 
Competitive sport is getting gold medals 
Mm , mm 
Going to the Olympics 
I ’m in Hubei Provincial Administration of Sport Public Participation in Sport Research =Department 
department 
So you should understand what I do most of the time , 
Just helping the public improve at sports , right ? 
Mm , that ’s one thing 
Second , survey levels of fitness among citizens in this province 
Third , explore ways to encourage the public to improve their health 
It just said in the newspaper that children in our province are not quite healthy 
Haha , that was a report that I submitted last week 
These last two months we tested four kindergartens 
Tested nearly 400 people 
Then we assessed them 
Really ? 
Then a reporter asked for information , I gave it to him 
They wrote the report themselves , 
Haha 
I ’m leaving work now 
What time do you get off work ? 
I finish work at 5 o’clock 
So how come you ’re still there ? 
I still have a report that I have n’t finished writing 
You ’re great at writing , I ’m sure 
I just write research reports . I ca n’t write government reports , that type of thing 
Because we always write research reports based on data 
Mm , so long as you can do your own job , that ’s all you need 
But writing those things praising the motherland , 
Praising the Party , things 
That ’s fine 
Is n’t it ? 
I ’m no good 
Oh ? 
I guessed wrong 
I can only write research papers 
It ’s different from writing beautiful prose 
The things some people write are wonderful when you =read them 
But research papers are basically descriptions of reality 
What do you do ? 
I work at the Bureau of Statistics 
But I ’m not a civil servant 
Hello 
Hello 
What ’s your name ? 
My name ’s a bit complicated 
Mm , that is a very good name . I can read it . It shows real taste 
Haha 
That means you are very knowledgeable 
Are you at work ? 
I ’m no use , I just know a bit of stuff , that ’s all 
Yes 
Haha , just know a little bit 
Ca n’t you go online at work ? 
We can go online , I ’m the manager , no - one tells me I ca n’t use the internet . If you told me not to use the internet , I would consider it 
What about you , what job do you do ? 
You name has a beautiful meaning 
Mm , yes 
I saw that you were using your phone to go online 
I do statistics 
Oh 
What do you do statistics on ? Work at the Bureau of Statistics ? 
Mm 
You know the Bureau of Statistics ? 
Yes , it ’s easier to use the internet on my phone 
But I ’m not a civil servant 
I studied economics before , and I did courses on statistics 
Really ? 
You still remember it well 
That does n’t matter ! If you ’re not a civil servant , you can quit at any time and do something else . You ’re free 
Haha 
That ’s a good reason 
You must be very busy if you ’re a manager 
I ’ve forgotten most of it , I just remember the word statistics 
That ’s not bad 
A lot of people do n’t even remember statistics 
It ’s alright ! Sometimes busy , sometimes relaxed 
Uh-huh 
Are you in Wuhan ? Where is your hometown 
I ’m a Wuhan native 
I ’m in Wuhan 
Oh 
A Wuhan girl 
Are n’t you from Wuhan ? 
I ’m =not 
And you ’re only a little bit older than me , right ? 
I was born in 86 
Which month ? 
Oh 
So you ’re more than a year older than me 
Are you looking for someone from Wuhan ? 
Mm , that ’s right 
No 
Why do you have to have someone from Wuhan ? 
Boohoo … 
I ’m mostly in Enshi and Xiaogan 
I do n’t come to Wuhan very often 
Oh , I see 
Uh-huh 
So , have you never been in Wuhan ? 
Or do you go to all three places ? 
I sometimes come to Wuhan 
Most of my business is in Enshi and Xiaogan 
So you have to do a lot of hard traveling 
He said that he needs the pictures before June 6 . Is it possible ? 
Or can we ask the friends who go to town to help take some ? 
?? 
Is it OK ? 
I got it 
I ’ll try my best . Can I ? 
Okay , thank you 
It is because I ’m also ill - at - ease to trouble other people . I ’ll try my best to go there myself . However , I ’ve been rather busy recently . I need to write articles on the weekend 
I ’ll go there to check . I ’ll try my best to give you a reply on time 
Okay . If it ’s really difficult , then let me know 
I ’ll have to think of some other ways then 
Beautiful Girl ~ 
Hello ~~~~ 
I 've put on weight recently , not beautiful at all … 
Hehe , what have you been up to recently ? ~ 
… having too good a life ! 
No , I have been going out a lot recently 
… and you do n't call that good ? ! 
Where did you go to have fun ? 
But I have n't been studying at all 
It 's the holiday , so what 's there to study ? … 
No , I must study hard1 
Without an end 
Oh oh 
Oh oh 
Keep putting on an act ! 
Haha 
Have you been missing me or =not recently ? ~ 
… I feel that I 'm asking in vain … of course you have =not … 
I have , I have ~~~ 
It 's a lie , but hearing it still makes me very happy ~~ 
It 's true ~ 
It ca n't be more true than this ~~ 
Quit acting , [ I | Brother ] know you very well ~ 
Continue acting and it will be too much ! 
Tell me , is there a present or =not for such a good ex-classmate of yours who sat next to you in class who has his birthday coming up soon ? ~~ 
Hahaha 
Come to the American Empire and I 'll pay for your room and board , and sightseeing~~~ 
… I 've =no money to pay for air tickets … 
You made me sad again ! 
You 're too much ! 
Did n't you say you 're coming in September ? 
Broke … 
The design institute has stopped paying … 
Are n't you going to work in Beijing in future ? 
Basically yes … 
What 's up ? 
Do you want to be my sugar mommy ? 
No 
You did n't even tell me ~ 
I did n't even know ~~~ 
… is it ? ! 
I had n't told you ? 
Impossible 
You had n't told me ! 
If you had , how could I forget ? ! 
I 'm sure I told you 
So sad … you do n't care about me at all 
Sigh , the graduation period is here and I 'm suddenly very sad … there goes one year … 
I was still thinking yesterday that it had been five years since the college entrance exam 
=Without the college entrance exam … 
That means I even know you for 10 years , I think ? ! 
Yes !!! You did n't realize it until now ? 
… You 're not paying attention when chatting ! 
I 'm video - chatting with my man 
You 're chatting with = that handsome guy again ! 
Expectedly 
I could tell easily 
Hahaha 
Sigh , so sad ! 
I =do n't have a girl , and ca n't afford to be hurt 
… 
You will have one ! 
Where 's Baozi ? 
Preparing for the exam , I think ~ 
cfa ~ 
Exam on Saturday 
Even Ah Bao is here for the exam … 
Brother Mao is also having his exam on Saturday 
Is Brother Mao taking his exam in the United States ? 
Yes 〜 
In that case , why did Ah Bao come here ? … 
Maybe because he is back in China … 
Oh , lucky kids in America ~~ 
Brother Mao has graduated . If he goes back to China , I guess he wo n't be able to come back 
Hmm , I think he said he 's coming back at the end of June … 
Yes 〜 
That 's why I 'll soon go to New York to see them 〜 
Haha 
You 're too cool 
It 's near , so I have no choice … 
So nice … 
Sigh , I feel there are n't many people left in Beijing now … 
I 'm going to start my internship ! 
It 'll be lonely without ob … 
… You 're real late … 
… 
I do n't even dare to go to see the director now … 
Why ? 
He has n't graduated yet , right ? 
I 'm just afraid that he 'll say he 's going out with me and then after our meal he 'll not go home but head to the Internet café … 
Sigh , he does n't listen to me anymore … 
So I try as much as possible not to ask him out … 
… 
No way 
Sigh … 
Is he still the same now ? 
Yes … 
That 's why I have been always lonely 
That 's indeed rather depressing 
There 's still Brother Bao 
When they are done with their exams , you guys can go for a meal together 〜 It happens to be your birthday 〜 
Yes … he asked me out … 
But I 'm going to be exploited … 
How about you rich woman sponsor me a little ?~~ 
With Brother Bao , it is , of course , you exploiting him ! 
Exploit with your might ' 
… It 's a birthday celebration , I ca n't bring myself to say no … 
Hahaha 
… I 'm just too honest 
In that case , I ca n't help you ~ 
That 's why I get bullied by you guys all the time 
So sad 
I think Brother ball said he may be going to do his internship in Tsinghua in the second half of the year … 
=Wow ! 
Great ! 
He even said he 's going to bring me there to look for girls … 
You two can give each other a hand 
Have a win - win together ~ 
That 's true , when Brother ball stands next to me , it will show clearly and instantly how tall and big I am 
… 
In that case , Brother ball will definitely not want to … 
Is n't he in Paris ? 
Come on , Brother ball is very confident … 
I think his internship lasts six months … 
It is said that a company in France is working on a project together with Tsinghua … 
But that 's not certain … 
Maybe he 'll go to the U . S … 
Of course he will come to the U.S. ! 
… 
You think he can go as he pleases … 
… 
I want to go , too 
It would be great if it were so easy 
Come ~~~~ 
… rich woman , will you pay for my air tickets ? … 
I 'm broke … 
I 'll go out and find something to eat … I 'm hungry … 
I 'm a boorish , fat poor loser 
You 're broke ? ! 
You 're fair - skinned , rich and pretty ! 
A wealthy woman ! 
Go ~ enjoy your happy life ~ 
Haha 
Are n't you playing ball this afternoon ? 
You watching a movie is so petty - bourgeois ! 
I 'll go play ball , but I 'll leave early because the movie is at half past seven … 
I 'm on the phone with my girlfriend , I 'm going to ignore you , haha 
… 
Are you watching Fast and Furious ? That is a good one ~~~~ 
What time do you play ball in the afternoon ? 
I 'll go over at half past four , if I can get away . I 'm watching star trek , I did n't manage to catch it last week . Have you watched Fast and Furious ? 
Is n't it not interesting to watch … ? 
I find Fast and Furious quite good 
OK , go back to your call , I 'll bug you again when you 're free 
What time do you usually play ball ? I always go there only at four 
About there , past four , I 'm usually later … That star trek 8.3 vs fast 6 7.9 , hahaha 
It is what I heard ~~~~ 
You can go see what it 's like ~~~~ we 'll talk about it after that ~ 
OK ~~~ 
Is tommy playing ball in the afternoon ? 
You have to ask him 
I want to tell him he does not have to worry at all about Saturday ~~ 
I can also send a text message in a while 
You ask 
OK 
Great ~~~ thanks ~~~ 
tomi , Xianglong , and Dong Quan are all going on Saturday . Are you coming ? 
I can . Will it be not so good ? 
No present … 
No , I have n't prepared a present , either … 
So nervous !!!! 
What are you nervous about … ? 
I am just nervous !!!! 
So excited !!! 
OK … 
Haha , you have to be composed 
Calm … calm 
Hahaha 
I 'm going to sleep , good for my looks ~~~ 
Good night ~ 
If you feel it 's too much bother or likely to have negative repercussions , then you do n't need to be hard on yourself 
What ? 
The work 
I know ! How come you 're coming out with this sort of thing to me , between us two ? 
No , that 's not what I meant 
What do you mean by " bother ? " 
It has already been quite a bother for Brother Tian . Never mind . In fact , one could also look for it oneself 
The point is that these things like jobs are not right there 
I know 
The problem is I already spoke to him about it that day 
Hmm . In that case , forget about it . It does n't matter 
I had n't actually expected they would all happen at once 
We 've already agreed to let Chai have a look with us another day 
It does n't matter 
How about if I see if there is any chance of a reversal ? 
First finish doing the things you have on hand 
I 'll =continue thinking of a way round it 
It =does n't matter 
Then just do n't hassle Brother Tian 
The problem is that even if I want to hassle him 
he has n't got any work over there either 
It was n't until yesterday that I got the accounting certificate and the graduation situation more or less sorted 
I 'll explain it =again to him when I 'm out drinking this evening 
Really ? [ emoticon ] That 's hard going ! 
It =does n't matter . Luckily , my elder sister is helping me in the home , so I do n't need to go to and fro and keep on messing about . I told that person that I had to visit my home and apply for materials , stamps and whatever 
Oh 
And then I took Old Jiang out for a stroll 
It =seems to me that this is the focus 
Do you still have money ? I 'll send you some .
There 's no need . I still have some 
Have you paid back Su Gui 's money ? 
Yes ? Probably next time we meet after this time , it 's time for wedding 
I 've given half of it . I 'll give her the rest after Old Jiang has gone 
Oh 
OK . Then you can spend it first 
I will give the rest after I go back 
We 'll see 
OK 
In that case , have a good time 
=What are you giggling at ? 
Nothing 
Bad weather 
Is the dinner going to be canceled ? 
=No , I 'm waiting for you 
Oh 
=Ok 
Ok ok 
I will go there after work then ? 
Come come , I 'll wait for you 
Ok 
momo 
Do I go to =Faneeface once I get off work ? 
Is there a time limit for afternoon tea ? 
What I purchased is dinner 
We can walk around after eating 
Is it still raining outside ? 
Not very heavy 
Oh , ok 
It 's fine drizzling rain 
What are you busy doing today ? 
This afternoon I went to the provincial tourism bureau for a meeting . How about you ? 
I 'm in the community 
Yesterday morning I was with people from the government office , in the afternoon I had a meeting in the city 
Yesterday another leader came from the government office 
Not to receive the provincial leaders ? 
They left after eating lunch 
Lucky , it 's good to have someone care for you .
So you ca n't come back until tomorrow ? 
Yea 
I originally wanted to come back tomorrow morning 
Now I have to wait for them to come , I probably wo n't be able to leave until at least the afternoon 
Probably just to eat with them , is anyone else going with you on the inspection ? 
Your child is staying at her grandma 's house one more day . So she 's really depressed .
She originally was going to go to kindergarten on Froday 
Then it will be nearly evening when you return , will your husband go get you or wait to get you when you return ? 
I 'm meeting someone to eat in the evening 
In Wuhan ? 
Yea 
Two families together 
I probably ca n't come until at least next Tuesday 
I 'm meeting someone to discuss something on Tuesday 
The Guimi family ? 
Sure .
No 
My mother - in - law arranged it 
Oh . You get to eat with friends =arranged by your mother - in - law , not bad . [ expression ] 
Daughters - in - law seldom get to receive freinds of mothers - in - law .
A family that is friends with the in - laws 
With our family 
Two large families 
Did the Secretary return to Tieshan ? There are n't any festivals going on now , is there anything to commemorate ? 
The Secretary returned this afternoon 
No 
A kid from another family returned from America 
So we invited them to eat 
Oh , only families who are very close and care about leaving are like this .
Relations 
I was thoroughly beaten by someone today 
Collapsed 
Who has such great ability ? 
Someone from Huangshi 
Deputy Secretary General of the Political Consultative Conference 
How much alcohol did you drink ? 
Last time he came to Tieshan to inspect the petition work , and it just happened to be my turn to be on petition duty 
What of it ? 
It 's been more than two months , I do n't know what 's wrong , yesterday he wanted to call me and wanted my QQ and added me as a friend 
This morning he wanted to give me inspirational education 
A little strange ? 
Want me to send you the chat record to look at ? 
Only if you do n't mind 
How old is he ? How high of an official ? I 'm really perplexed .
I think the Political Consultative Conference Secretary General is a woman , she went with us last time to Jiangxi .
Deputy Secretary General 
Must be old 
Yea , got me so perplexed 
Just say a couple polite things , who can bear to keep it going the whole way ? 
Yea , it 's like giving political lessons to subordinates . There are all kinds of birds if the forest is big enough .
He must be hold .
You did n't reply ? 
You did n't read from the beginning 
The beginning is our chat record 
Do n't just look at that secton 
I saw it .
I really did n't feel like talking any more after that 
Being lectured a lot by others , taking the opportunity to lecture others , he really chose the wrong target . [ expression ] 
This kind of person is too abnormal 
Obsessed with officialdom 
How come he wanted to add your QQ ? You really do n't have much in common .
I do n't know 
And it has been so long since the last time 
Just having a joke for fun . You are on a completely different level from these people .
How is it fun ? It 's nothing but harassment 
Treat it as if it 's for fun . If he can see your state of mind he wo n't send you these things any more .
I do n't want to talk with him any more 
A few disagreeable words 
If he contacts you again just chat with him for fun .
The Organization Department is n't clear about the ending time , everyone in our temporary job group is asking , the inspection is about done .
Wait for the Organization Department document 
Venustech is really crazy . Congrats .
Ah , Tongfang lost a lot 
Look at Renzixing 
It 's the same concept as Venustech 
It went up a lot . The share price is too high , there 's a lot of risk .
I mean because Renzixing broke out today , so Venustech will go up with it 
A friend recommended it or you found it yourself ? 
You mean Renzixing ? 
It grew for several days a while back . But it still might set a new record high .
Yea .
I did n't say to buy this one 
I just said the reason Venustech rose 
I would be rich if I bought it at 15 kuai . I do n't have such fate .
Since =Media went down , these two years or so have been one hardship after another . [ expression ] 
That 's exaggerating too much 
I 'm not exaggerating at all , without a super strong mentality I would have gone crazy long ago .
Haha 
If you go crazy you can get on the news 
I want to drink the coffee you made 
Too bad 
You will have a chance .
Did n't you leave it at home ? 
I 'm getting ready to go out , the car is leaving . [ expression ] 
Bye bye 
Yea . Bye bye 
Changjiang Media is n't bad today 
Pushed up to seven kuai 
Hello 
I registered in the morning 
Can I add two more people ? 
Ok 
Yes , you can .. 
As always , send me the files 
We will not participate if the activity is still on 8th and you can sell the tickets to the others 
You can make a remark 
Alright , thanks 
It is primarily determined to be on 8th 
Bobo , we can participate on 15th 
Do not miss us out 
Thanks 
Ok .. 
What are you doing ? 
Not doing anything 
Not doing anything 
Should it be your bedtime ? 
Afternoon nap ? 
Should it be your bedtime ? 
Afternoon nap 
I am ready to go out 
I am ready to go out 
Hehe , not yet . I will sleep at 12 
You did n't have days off on June 1 ? 
Weekend this year 
How is it going ? Which grade is it ? 
Grade 2 
Working on Intelligent Building 
Automatic control 
Energy saving 
Related 
Oh , that 's not bad . How come it went to architecture ? 
You are doing fluid ? 
Right , I was originally doing fluid . Later followed my advisor doing heat transfer in houses . When I switched fields again , it started having things to do with control 
The advisor 's idea is my topic is rather related to engineering , it is very mature both in theory and in practice . The highlight and new point are to produce a software or equipment in order to apply it in life 
To achieve its engineering value , on which this way I can also join a phD program 
That is good . Now energy saving in houses is all about forming natural wind by utilizing circulated running water , right ? 
Um that is rather good ... This is the trend 
Oh can the energy saving in houses be popularized in Shanghai ? 
Obviously it can not be popularized 
How is =America ? Will you be back after you graduate ? 
After I graduate , I should first try to look for a job here . Because with a phD degree will be really hard to find a job when I go back 
It is not easy either way , try to secure a Green - card first 
Right , with a Green - card it wo n't be so hard to get visas when I am back in China 
But that is the story after I graduate 
How about you ? Is working in Shanghai going smooth ? 
You are doing big planes at the moment ? 
Um= I will go pick up a phone call 
Still working on big planes . The big planes themselves are not going so well , haha .
Hi 
Haha 
Na na 
Hehe 
What are you doing ? 
How do know I 'm here ? 
Haha 
I was so busy today 
I got interviews , one in the morning and one in the afternoon 
Then after I was back , I signed the contract for the new house 
I took part in the =communion activity in the evening 
= [ My god | dizzy ] 
Will they help you move ? 
Who ? 
The two 
Oh , just one of them 
I will move around the 20th 
Din said he can help me 
Oh ! 
Then what was he coming for today ? 
I 'll find some more people 
He went to Chinatown to have his hair cut and buy some food , and he passingly brought me the bag and some food 
Wow 
Ok , does n't their place have a Chinatown ? 
I do n't know 
Today he said in the communion activity that he was not in good mood , because the experimental method was not correct 
Ah , , 
Maybe he just wanted to go out to relax himself 
So he went to you 
There is a Chinese supermarket in their place 
Maybe he wanted to come here to have his hair cut 
Is it a good time for you ? May I give you a call ? 
Video ? 
Ok 
Just now I talked with my brother over the phone , hehe , that photo has been deleted 
I did n't even noticed .. that photo .. [ my god | faint ] 
Haha , ok 
Yes , it 's very wretched 
.... 
Embarrasing 
I think it 's pretty cute ... 
Heihei 
I saw the scallion pancake 
There is another photo which I took with him in the early morning 
It 's so troublesome . It needs fermentation .. 
How about deleting it too 
............. 
What 's wrong with that one ? 
I looked very very fat in that 
.......... 
I will cry to death 
And I think my expression is n’t good neither 
Fine , I will delete it then .. 
About the scallion pancake , you can make it when you are free 
You can ask your friends from HUST to make it together 
Boys are stronger for dough mixing 
Haha , it makes sense 
=Ok ! 
By the way , what 's my Xiaonei avatar you 're seeing now ? 
It says unqualified 
It 's a photo of you and two of your roommates 
Maybe because there is no one in it so it could not pass the identity verification 
Maybe it needs an avatar which can identify your identity because you are an advanced user 
[ Come on | faint ] .... 
OK .. it was weird 
The present avatar is very good 
My brother said that he does n't like me wearing black silk stockings 
He asked me to change it 
... 
Just you three pretty girls 
Just ask him to close his eyes 
Ask them to close their eyes 
The aesthetic appreciation of boys and girls really are so different 
Haha 
You are so cute 
No 
Do n't boys all like black silk stockings ? 
Does your brother have a Xiaonei account ? 
Let me see his photo 
See how does he look like 
Haha 
You can add him to your friend list 
Wow !!! You look so alike !!! 
Ah , no way ... 
You said that my brother and I look alike ? 
Yes , I 'm able to tell that you were given birth to by the same parents from your semi-arch of brows 
Haha 
His eyes , nose and brows are just like yours 
I have added him 
Haha 
By the way , you have n't told me why they do n't like black silk stockings 
I asked them , and they said that they just think they are not good looking 
It 's not as good as bare legs 
As I remembered , boys all like black silk stockings 
Haha , boys are from Mars 
Ask them to go back 
Exactly , hahaha 
Have you seen that super cute cat ? 
I have @ you 
Haha , yes I have 
What a naughty cat 
How about I replace my avatar with this one ? 
I ca n't see the face clearly 
Your sitting posture is very enchanting 
Hehe 
Fine , forget it 
I think the photos that you wear the graduation gown are all very good ! 
I want to pierce my ears 
Heihei , you have sorted out your thinking 
There are so many , which one are you talking about ? 
I am wearing earrings in this one . They are clipped on 
This one is especially fresh and natural 
Haha 
My face is so round 
It really is fresh and natural 
I need to lose weight , lose weight !!! 
..... 
[ Come on | faint ] ... 
My god , will you exercise then ? 
Yes , I will 
Then I prepare to keep living a life by eating porridge 
Prepare to make cycling movement in the bed 
And to lift and press my legs and move my arms 
We have been taught both jazz and yoga before , do you still remember ? 
Yes , yes 
Ok , I also wish you can start to exercise 
Not for losing weight , but for health 
By the way , Na na , do you know that Yuxi dropped out of school and went back to Wuhan to work as a consultant on studying abroad in New Oriental 
Wow ... 
I just heard that he did n't continue to study for phd 
But I did n't know that he worked as a consultant in New Oriental 
Do you know why ? 
Was he in a phd program or master program and went back home when he was done ? 
As I know , he said it was boring 
He successfully =got into phd 
But it seems that he said the advisor was not good 
The job is quite reliable , he =wants to study MBA after a few years work 
He just did n't want to continue 
Oh ! 
Have you chatted with him ? 
No. I saw the comments under his Xiaonei status 
How can a passive person like me to take the initiative to chat with a boy ? 
*^◎^* 
I also saw it .. I just took a peek at it 
Indeed , just like you said 
He 's in New Oriental and wants to study mba in future 
Maybe because he thought the advisor ’s project was boring , very [ bad | hole ] 
Yes 
Oh 
Everybody goes his / her own way now 
Maybe New Oriental is more suitable for him 
Yes , I also think he is suitable for working as a consultant according to his character 
Yes 
What are you going to eat for lunch ? 
I 'm hungry 
Haha , I ate a bit late in the morning . I ate tomato egg carrot and spinach noodles in the morning 
My god 
I plan to eat a tuna sandwich . I bought it yesterday and did n't eat it 
Tomato egg noodle again 
Oh ! 
That 's good 
I also have some curry stewed chicken thighs 
Wow 
So fancy 
Have you cooked black fungus ? 
I 'm a foodie 
Yes , I hve 
I stir fried them with meat and it was very tasty 
Oh ! 
It makes sense 
How about dried mushrooms then ? 
You can cook them with meat 
Or you can braise them in a soup 
Oh ! 
Besides , is it better to stew white radish with pork ribs ? 
Can they be stewed with beef ? 
Yes , it 's very good to eat pork ribs and radish soup in this season 
Both are ok 
Na na , do you have any recommendations for movies ? 
I 'm coming to clean the room and want to play a movie 
Have you watched the Bridges of Madison County ? 
I have watched it 
You like classic movies so much 
Yes ! I happen to like them so much 
And some Indian classic movies recommended by India students of my office 
But you may not be interested .. 
Why ? 
Hehe , I just take a wild guess 
I will tell you some then 
Ok , let me try the Chocolat 
Ok 
(( All =because of me )) 
Ok 
Have n't you had your meal yet ? 
I have had mine already 
Right away 
You are so fast .. 
I took the food out from refrigerator and ate them directly 
What is the senior fellow apprentice 's plan now ? 
Got married , going to the U . K ? 
Yes 
Otherwise how can I ? 
Hehe~ 
I am going to work in the U . K 
That is good . Has sister - in - law gone back to the U . K ? 
Not yet 
Still here cultivating bond with you ? 
Haha , um 
Our relationship can be described as [ advancing at a tremendous speed | a thousand li a day ] 
[ emoticon ] Sharp~ 
Senior fellow apprentice is capable 
That is inevitable 
[ Super jealous | envious . | jealous and hateful ] 
Senior fellow apprentice is being so cheesy to the extent it can produce oil~~ 
There is nothing I can do 
Sister - in - law is someone who can =maintain her composure 
Be more aggressive 
You must do something that is stronger 
Senior fellow apprentice is fierce enough 
This is the first I 'm really sure that I am going to get married 
That is really good~~ 
Spend more time shopping with sister - in - law , see some movies 
It should be really hot in China now right ? 
Um , today is 36 degrees 
Are you at your home or at sister - in - law's ? 
All near Fuzhou ? 
At her house , Putian 
Senior fellow apprentice is well received by your future in - laws , you are not willing to leave right ? 
Haha 
Mother - in - law has no objection completely 
Sister - in - law is hesitated 
Just make sure you take down the mother - in - law 
Almost took her down on the first day 
= Am I sharp ? 
Worship senior fellow apprentice 
Bright and brave 
You look you feel good against your feet in the profile picture . Does n't look like sister - in - law is hesitated 
She is nervous 
Haha .. She looks tiny when she is with you 
That is what I want 
That is good . Senior fellow apprentice finally has found the love of his life 
Coming back with a beauty in the arms [ emoticon ] 
Are you there ? 
Chenxi 
Yes 
Send me the web address of your family 's online store . I 've recommended it to one of my friends 
OK , give me a minute 
Also , On the June 1 holiday , take your clothes to sell at Shangjingyuan over there . I 'll advertise it in the group , and you can definitely sell a lot 
You drive your car 
and put your stuff in the car 
I want to go too , but an author is coming to Shanghai tomorrow , and I have to check his schedule first in case there is n't enough time . If there is enough time , I will go 
Should I advertise it for you in the group ? 
Hmm , you can advertise the web address first . Do n't advertise the time I will set up my stall at the moment just in case I may not be able to go 
Ask that author to come on Sunday 
Thank you , Feifei [ emoticon ] 
When I advertise it , can I say they can go to your home to pick it up ? 
He is an old gentleman coming from Beijing . I have to give priority to his schedule 
You can 
Those who are interested can go to my home to make their selections 
OK , they are all teachers at Fudan 
The other is the Shangjingyuan group where there are people of all walks of life . I will advertise it as well 
They can come to my home to make their selections as long as they make an appointment . It 's less than twenty minutes ' walk and ten minutes by bike 
Thank you , Feifei . I am really excited after what you have said 
Haha 
There are really lots of children at Shangjingyuan over there . You can drive your car there every weekend and put your stuff in the car . Then you take along that clothes rack in your master bedroom at your home and hang some clothes out . In this way , you can sell a lot 
Remember to mention that I have gift boxes ~ I want to quickly dispose of the gift boxes to make for space 
OK 
Yes , but will Shangjingyuan allow me to set up a stall ? 
Why not your write one and I distribute it 
You do n't need to set up a stall . You just drive into it and then open your car door and hang out your clothes on the rack 
It 's better if you wrote it [ emoticon ] It 's not right to write from my point of view 
You can do that at the entrance as well .
Then you print your business cards with the web address of your family 's online store on them and distribute them to everyone . When people see your stuff is good , they will just voluntarily purchase them online 
Hmm , a while ago I saw someone catching those who had set up stalls on the Jiangwan campus of Fudan . In that case , I will try it then . As long as I wo n't be driven away by the security guards , it will be fine . That subdivision where I bought an apartment before does not allow any sales in the subdivision 
Hmm , OK , I will make some more promotional materials when the time comes [ emoticon ] 
Yes , very soon you will be able to sell out that houseful of stuff of yours 
[ emoticon ] Very soon I will make a fortune 
Yes , your residence is at West Yingao Road , right ? 
Yingao Road 
OK 
[ emoticon ] Really excited 
[ Emoticon ] It 's really great to have a friend who has penetrated into the masses ~ 
Someone is already visiting your website 
How much did you spend in Beijing approximately ? 
Did you take the flight from Xiaoshan ? 
Right . 800 RMB , I booked the ticket too late 
The sleeping berth of the high - speed railway is also OK 
About 2,000 RMB , I guess 
Including flight tickets and hotel , and your own consumption ? 
It also depends on how you do this 
The traffic usually costs 1,000 for a round trip by train 
But how much does the time differ ? 
As for accommodations , I lived in the Youth Hostel for 110 RMB , for one night , near Xidan 
You ’ll arrive after taking a sleep on the train 
It ’s about five hours by the high - speed railway 
It seems longer than that 
I hear that tickets are needed everywhere in Beijing 
Even for the Great Wall 
It takes two hours by plane 
Tickets and traffic are all inexpensive 
Is 800 RMB for the one - way trip ? 
The ticket for the Imperial Palace costs only 60 RMB 
Yes 
70 RMB for the Great Wall ? 
I ’ve never been there , so I do n’t know 
If they require tickets , I ’ll visit the Imperial Palace , Prince Gong ’s Mansion , and the Summer Palace this time 
40 , 25 
Much cheaper than other places 
Dashanzi Art District , Houhai and South Luogu Lane are all free and you can spend a lot of time there 
Houhai seems to be free , and the ticket for Qianjing Mountain is 10 RMB 
Recommend other places to me 
Are you together with your classmate ? 
Basically we two are together , and occasionally I am by myself 
I ’ve met several guys who come to visit by themselves 
When are you going ? 
I ’ll go back and think it over before telling you 
Many tour groups will visit regular places 
Imperial Palace , Temple of Heaven , Great Wall , Summer Palace , Ming Tombs , etc. 
Now the Bird ’s Nest and the Water Cube are very beautiful at night 
Dashanzi Art District , South Luogu Lane and Houhai are fit for bourgeois enjoyment 
And also , the Qianmen Street and the Dashilan Area 
People usually visit the areas near the Tiananmen Square 
Xidan and Wangfujing are business centers 
And do n’t forget Tsinghua University and Peking University 
The Summer Palace is a pile of ruins so it can be skipped if you have no time 
OK OK 
General Manager Chen , is the=suit that we ordered from Guoren ok ? 
Haha 
Wrong message , is the suit that we ordered from Guoren refundable ? 
It can not be returned 
I tried it on yesterday 
It upset me really bad 
What is the problem ? 
The pants are too loose 
Sigh , Guoren 's workmanshop is really poor . It basically does not fit . You definitely can not returned it , except you can alter it 
I went to the shop for measurement myself . How come they made it so unfit . This is totally unacceptable 
Does the upper outer garment fit ? 
The people in our company all had it made - to - measure , but none of them fit 
The upper outer garment is [ so - so | horse horse tiger tiger ] 
Now everybody has had it sent for alterations 
It might have been the issues with workmanshop 
I suspect their shop is (( changing distributors )) 
They did not send them back to let the factory make 
Instead they found some individual workshop and have them done the job 
It is possible 
Or else why Guoren as a big brand has very workmanshop with their clothes 
You are leaving soon 
I said it yesterday 
I said it this way : you are considered a big company , for better or for worse . The products that you make does not seem to match with the size of your company 
So give me Guoren 's number , I will call them to make alterations 
I told them yesterday not to send the suits for alterations , I will see if we can return them 
Alright , hold on 
Talk to Director Feng directly 
I am calling them now 
Alright 
Senior , good morning 
Morning , did you just get up ? 
... Hehe no. I got up at 9 in the morning 
How about you ? What do you normally do on weekends ? 
Play basketball , or watch a movie 
Did you go to the lab ? 
No , I was going to go today . There were 3 college mates from Huazhong University of Science and Technology coming to play . Unfortunately we had to change the time due to the bad weather 
One of them is the senior from the department of Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering . Wang Mingming , who enters the school one year earlier than you 
I usually spend one day in the office on weekends , read some papers and things alike . Other than that , I am always resting 
Oh I =know him . He is in the same year as Brother Feng 
Oh ! Right 
That is good . He is much more diligent than me 
Of course you do n't have to worry 
But I have nothing … 
Sigh … It feels nothing has been accomplished after two years ' time 
It is good that you are still young 
.. 
Senior , (( when is your candidacy )) ? 
When summer ends 
Ah ! That is really good 
Does that mean you can graduate after two years ? 
Yes if it goes as planned 
That is really good 
Senior , do you have papers now ? 
I am working on it , one more paper I will graduate 
That is fierce , senior . Buck up ! 
So is Wu Qifeng going to graduate soon ? 
Yes , supposedly next year 
Do n't need to be in a hurry , take it easy 
Do you guys meet often ? 
It is also good to learn something more on applied science 
Can 
Oh ! I have n't heard from him in a very long time . Feels like the senior has disappeared 
I even take classes in their department 
Rather busy huh ? 
Oh ! 
Yes … ! 
Senior , what about your girlfriend ? Is she going to graduate with you in the same year ? 
Yes we are in the same year 
Ah that is really good 
Then will look for internship jobs , then will start working 
Yes , are you planning to look in here first ? 
Yes I will try to look for some 
Oh ! That is good . Senior what does sister study ? Hehe 
On ee 
Oh ! [ emoticon ] 
Hehe my roommate also studies ee at Huazhong University of Science and Technology , she came with me in the same year 
That is very good , you have a company 
Hehe 
I also started practicing playing basketball . I find shooting at the baskets really fun 
Hehe , that is very good . You have an extra hobby 
Last week I met up with my advisor , my advisor suggested that I should work on Intelligent Building 
It is buildings with automatic control that achieves the goal of saving energy 
That is good , it is rather new 
Yep , it is also engineering related 
Did you just decide on a topic ? 
Later I might need to study something related to control 
Yeah 
I was working on a project , and they were quite related 
Just now the topic I set is really relevant to the project 
Oh that means it is something about mechanical engineering 
Not bad not bad 
I am going to eat , let 's chat some other day 
Hehe alright . Senior come on !! Happy June 1st 
Happy June 1st 
I ’m suddenly very lost ... 
What ’s the matter ? 
I want to have a boyfriend 
Relax . Are you attracted to the professor =again ? 
I want to get married 
Um , but you can still observe for a while 
I also have this mentality of wanting to settle down sometimes .
What do you think about the professor ? 
He is not a suitable marriage partner for me 
Did n’t you just go out to have fun ? 
Your mood changed so quickly 
It ’s all of a sudden . He could n’t figure out what was wrong with me either . He called me and I did n’t answer 
A girl ’s mind is like a needle at the bottom of the sea 
The more unpredictable it is , the more it makes a man fascinated 
Hehe . However , I just (( want to chat with you )) 
I ’ve been very busy lately . I should have chatted with you , haha 
To show my concern 
You have n’t shown any concern for me lately 
I ’ve been in the United States for two years and have not celebrated the festivals that are worth celebrating nicely 
The Dragon Boat Festival is approaching 
" Go for it ! " 
Have you found an apartment ? 
It 's still =rather expensive 
… 
A lot of friends , ah 
Does n't WRI provide accommodation ? 
Nope 
Not even lunch 
I 'm going to lose weight this summer vacation … Food in DC is extremely expensive … 
… 
At least you have pay , I suppose ? 
1,500 
Not enough to pay accommodation … 
Is accommodation so expensive ? 
You are really exaggerating , are n't you ? 
… 
Never mind . This one of mine is even unpaid 
Do n't worry ~~~~~ 
Are you already in DC ? 
oh … 
I 'll arrive in the evening … I am now at the airport 
Come on ! 
Today is Xiaoyu 's birthday 
Good ~~~~ 
Wish you a smooth trip ! 
Come to DC early so that we can meet up ! 
u too 
Are you also in dc ? 
=Nope 
Close by ~ 
OK … 
k ttyl … taking off … 
OK , wish you a smooth trip ~~~~ 
Brother Lei 
Are you there 
? 
I 'm Zhang Meng ~ 
Oh , what 's up ? 
If you have time , help me working on a question [ emoticon ] 
You 're a top student and yet you 're asking me to work on a question !!!! 
Chinese … 
This science student is about to kneel down … 
There is no assignment for College Chinese , is there ? 
No , no … 
I 'll send it to you … it 's an original question from previous years … I have absolutely no idea how to answer it … 
… 
Do n't tell me original questions are being asked in the exam 
[ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] Chinese is too difficult … 
I just want to see how I should answer it and get a feel … 
Is n't it easy to see at one glance ? 
Derive pleasure from living in the countryside in seclusion 
=What 's ideological content ? !! 
Fresh , quiet , and easygoing 
It 's something like this . For a subjective question , it 's enough if the meaning is about there 
[ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] How do I write 300 characters ? !! 
Analyze sentence by sentence 
Translate the poem , then analyze it sentence by sentence , and finally give a conclusion 
Give me an example , Brother Lei ~~ 
Am I not right ? I 'm busy 
Just write anything , and it 'll be 300 characters , really 
[ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] In that case , go do your stuff … I 'll do it myself later on … when I 'm done , read through it for me ~~ 
And analyze the background or =whatever based on your understanding of Tao Yuanming 
You 'll have even 600 
Go for it ! 
[ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] I 'll try … 
Thanks , Brother Lei [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
You 're welcome 
So early 
How come you 're laughing so happily ? 
Yeah 
Was disturbed by my mother 
.
Oh , Sunday , you 're at home ? 
Back hurts , doing heat compression 
What happened ? 
Yeah , at home 
Strain inflammation 
... 
How did you strain your back ? 
Chatting and chatting in the morning then slept again [ emoticon ] 
Do n't know . Maybe strained when sending out goods 
We all have to send it out ourselves 
Brother , I saw your graduation photo 
Haha 
.. (( I was wondering , we were talking , then there 's no sound )) 
... 
There are more photos 
So many 
Hehe 
Yeah , my classmate uploaded it , ha 
The photo [ Dad | Dada ] took back 
Ah 
I 'm uploading one of them 
Maybe they developed them 
Oh , they developed them 
What an alluring QQ avatar of yours this is 
[ Wait | = =] 
I reinstalled the system two days ago and found the QQ avatar was gone 
Then change to a new one 
So you got out of bed~ ( Sent from WeChat : http://weixin.qq.com/q ) 
Yes~ 
Were you sleeping ? 
Yeah , was asleep , just now 
Got up so early 
I am getting up earlier than this every day , to go to work 
Oh 
It 's tiring being a [ migrant worker in Beijing | Northern drifter ] 
I guess you 're about the same overseas 
~ 
I 'm just fine 
Ok 
Dear , could you try if you can find a network called a1 ? 
It belongs to the Zhang family 
He has turned invisible and can not be found directly . You have to do a search or whatever … Let me ask him tomorrow . I can use it 
OK ~ 
I just picked out some nice looking photos 
I really like 2783 
Yes , when I saw it , I was also surprised that I could capture such a beautiful picture 
Really , the two are laughing so splendidly 
Happy and innocent 
Resend the following three to me , 2747 2766 2770 
OK 
You also love this one 
That one is a masterpiece 
Yes , I have set it as my desktop background 
Haha 
It ’s a pity the camera is too bad 
Buy an SLR camera 
Have you eaten ? 
Yes , I have 
SLR camera is too complex to use . I do n’t like the trouble 
Also , =find that picture of Chongchong ’s . Emma was talking about it this morning . I am going to print it out 
OK 
I was thinking last night that it might be the photo on the desk calendar 
Emma is in love with the Elder Brother 
She ’s still young 
The one in plaid shirt is that guy ’s elder sister . Behind her is his brother - in - law . They have confirmed that they will come to a meeting in Philadelphia in September 
Great , you can meet them 
Do n’t you be nervous 
I ’m so nervous 
Really 
You can fake up as me and meet him 
I am laughing to death 
Haha 
[ picure ] I love this one , too , just that it is not clearly taken 
Has his family seen your picture ? 
Yes , they have 
Do n’t be nervous . It ’s OK . His sister does not look like a drama queen 
I ’ll sort up the photos I took later 
Are n’t there good photos of us picking strawberries together ? 
What I have picked out are already the best 
Oh 
The photos that have been discarded are all somewhat blurry 
Are n’t you busy ? 
I am irritated to half death by someone , and can not concentrate on my work 
This morning , a guy from Hunan left me a message and asked me to call the grandma , saying that someone wants to buy my house and the grandma does not know about the power of attorney , so I should call and clearly explain it to her 
The grandma stuck to me and asked me to write the thesis for [ the bastard | tortoise egg ] , because the [ the bastard | tortoise egg ] is still just a doctor - in - charge , and he needs a thesis to get promoted to Associate Senior Doctor , which he does not have at all . He spent all his time flirting and mess around with nurses 
I said I did not have time and the grandma was angry . She said many things about me , and I put up with them with so much pain . I had to endure because I needed to entrust her to sell my house in Changsha 
Forget about her . He owes you and you do n’t owe him .
Now I am just afraid that I can not take back my money for that house . I bought it with my own money 
So I have to put up with her , fuck 
And I could not turn hostile towards her 
You ask her to sell it for you . Are n’t you afraid that she does n’t give you the money 
I can not find anybody else 
There is nobody that I can entrust it with in Changsha 
Why not check out the agency ? 
I dare not trust those I do n’t know 
The reason I entrust it to her is she would not do anything , just for the sake of her grandson 
I mean large , official sales agencies 
If I entrust it to a friend , I would be owing a big favor , and I have no good friend that can be entrusted with it in Changsha any more 
It is a great trouble , indeed 
That ’s why I am agonized 
Quickly sell the house , and do n’t care about the thesis 
Do n’t feel agonized . Just try to take it easy 
That guy knows these things about me , and he comforted me that it ’s OK even if the money for the house can not be taken back . The most important thing is that Da Chong is here 
That ’s a good point 
It was my hard - earned money through all those years , how could I simply give it to him ? Besides , he is not giving Da Chong a penny for child support 
If he really wants to get this disclosed to all , I would not let him live at ease . I have his dirty photos .
The photos of him hugging a whore that he took when he called a hooker . I found them in his mobile phone when I returned home that year , and I quickly forwarded them to my phone and saved them .
If I do n’t get my money back , I ’ll send them to the mailbox of each and every of his hospital leaders , and completely ruin his reputation . I suppose the grandma dare not bet on this 
I feel that finding an agency is better . It is better not to deal with her . You need to pay some agency fee but it saves a lot of trouble 
Fuck , if they really force me to use dirty tricks then I would gladly do it 
Do n’t get mad . Calm down 
Can the house be sold this time ? 
I do n’t know 
The grandma has the intention of using the house against me 
So now it ’s a two - party gambling 
But eventually I would turn out to have more chips than she does . She definitely does not want to see her son ’s reputation totally ruined 
The grandma does know some tricks 
Reveal some of your chips first 
When they start going at me first 
Wait and see ! Do n’t you always put this on your mind 
You should have your plans for the good and for the bad , and settle it as soon as possible without breaching your bottom line .
That ’s a good point 
Yes 
Many times I feel that I do not have an upper limit or bottom line in doing things .
Consider carefully , and do n’t get passive 
Is it best to go to Philadelphia by train or by bus ? If by bus , from which station ? 
There is JFK & BROAD , PA =PHILADELPHIA 10 TH ST , PA 
Also , if you do n't know =PHILADELPHIA PA , Tell me which place you are staying at nearby and I will come over 
It is most convenient by train from DC to Philadelphia . The time is short and trip frequency high .
To check the trip go to : http://www.amtrak.com/home The train station is the union station in DC .
It is the 30th street station to go to Philadelphia , quite close to my workplace .
I will wait for your call in the office . When you are about to arrive I will go to the train station to meet you .
There is also free wifi on the train . So you can contact me any time 
Where are you now ? 
Back home 
Nuo is going to Beijing today 
I came back yesterday 
What is she going to Beijing for ? 
Is she on vacation ? 
It seems like a business trip or something 
When are you going to Beijing ? 
There are too many idle people on the Dragon Boat Festival 
I have no idea now 
Right . There must be super huge crowds out there on the Dragon Boat Festival , especially in Beijing 
How many places did you go to ? 
Beijing and Shanxi 
Did you invite your friends ? 
I did 
But it is crowded everywhere on the Dragon Boat Festival 
Right . Or I should just behave and stay at home 
It would become hot after some time 
It would be the best to take the annual leave and go have fun in March or April 
I 'm in the Qilu Evening News 
[ expression ] In missing persons column ? 
Yes , we ca n't find fat brother . It publicizes about me , hehe 
[ Come on | Dizzy ] , you just played a ball game , and lost ... it still publicizes you 
You are so [ cocky | smelly fart ] 
Haha 
I understand 
Lost , I must be lost , the game itself is a political ball game , fat brother , have n't you understood yet ? 
Province Small Ball Center specifically held a game to issue bonuses for =members of the leadership ... 
What 's more , it should be good looking even I lost 
Do n't , not from me , do n't belittle me 
I learned from you these years and I have learned a lot 
That 's right , if we take the bonuses away from =members of the leadership , [ will there be anything good | will there be any good fruit to eat ] in future ? 
Where is my ball , fat brother 
There were more than 20 left after the game , I do n't have any , I will add up and give to you 
Teacher Ma thought it was too few and directly did n't take them 
There was a big box of them on the morning of 2nd 
There were just that few left on the afternoon 
Yes 
Teacher Ma was curious 
She appointed first , she did n't expect that there would be this few left and then did n't take them 
Were n't there a lot in the box at that time ? 
I do n't know how many were there on the field , I will ask Wang Bo later 
How many are there in total now ? 
If there are too many of them , I will go and get some 
Fat brother , how many are there ? 
Until which day will our plan continue to be used ? 2013-06-03 10:21:17 Iced black tea . I do n't know either 
Do you have any idea when it will stop ? 
Inform me a little in advance when the time comes , ha . I 'm afraid of suddenly losing contact with the outside world , haha 2013-06-03 10:21:49 Iced black tea , oh . We have to unify a time 
Then have to withdraw together for it to work 
Oh . Everything is fine with me right now 2013-06-03 10:22:26 Wang Jing . Right 2013-06-03 10:22:54 Ice black tea . I should n't be in Philadelphia anymore in mid-June 
Ah , ah . Where are you going ? 2013-06-03 10:23:25 Iced black tea . Going to Seattle 
Congratulations on having found a job . 2013-06-03 10:23:57 Iced black tea . Hehe 
How about you ? 
Still looking . Haha 2013-06-03 10:24:11 Iced black tea . Um 
Then how do I give you money for the phone later ? 2013-06-03 10:24:22 Iced black tea . Transfer it to an account ? 
Oh . Do you have PNC ? 
No 
Only boa 
This ... 
Let me think 2013-06-03 10:30:36 Wang Jing . Where are the several other people going ? 
Do n't know .
Do you have it ? 
Liu Xilin and Lin Feiya both have . Do n't know about Liu Xi 
Alright . Approximately around what date ? I 'll either send it to you in advance or transfer it to whichever of them has PNC 2013-06-03 10:33:21 Iced black tea . That 's alright too 
Little dear 
There 's a revenue of 5,000 from Science & Technology 
You have n't given it to Teacher Zhang ? 
Right 
Send it over 
I had my colleague give it 
No one gave it 
You do n't have it there ? 
No 
Who did you have bring it over ? 
Peng Hongjiang 
Oh 
Are you in China ? Sorry , my cell phone had a problem on graduation day and I did n't get in touch with you , are you still using your PNC account ? I 'll give you some pop money now 
No problem 
No rush 
Using it 
We 'll discuss it after I go back 
OK 
I ca n't use text messages now 
Are you directly going to Penn State ? 
Tell me when you get back 
No , I 'm going back to Philadelphia first 
OK 
I 'm going to be Fei Yao 's roommate right away 
Haha 
I only just learned you and her have the same major 
I heard Penn State is really good in mechanical ! 
I 'm talented ... 
I misspoke 
Haha 
Right , talented 
I 've accepted it 
Where are you living ? 
44 Walnut ? 
Yea 
Oh 
Not bad , not bad 
But she 's moving out 
Where is she moving to ? 
Is Li Yaoxian still your roommate ? 
I do n't know 
Oh , yaoxian is my classmate 
Oh 
That 's how it is 
She 's going back to China , I 'm staying in her room 
Oh 
Yaoxian is in my major 
I only just discovered that Zijun and I are on the same plan 
Haha , yea 
T T 
What area of Penn State 's campus are you in ? 
I remember there are two 
In University Park 
A lot 
More than two 
Oh , great 
You married ? 
Yeah , are you married 
No … You only get presents if you marry ? 
Where is your boyfriend ? 
We have n't set a date 
Chinatown 
I do n't see him … It 's too bad … 
I have to QQ on my cell phone 
Have you reached Shanghai ? 
Returning to Changzhou 
Later I 'll go to Changzhou to see you 
OK ! 
Uncle , do you regularly go abroad ? 
Yeah , what 's up ? Find a foreigner for you ? : ) 
Ha ha … No good , I do n't want to marry so far away 
Have him come to Changzhou 
Not likely … My English is n't so praiseworthy ! Communication would be difficult 
I envy you … I 've always wanted to find an opportunity to go abroad to play … I even prepared my passport in advance 
Now when I 'm looking for a company I also ask if there are training abroad plans 
First go to Singapore , it 's very convenient , Thailand is also ok 
Go to Thailand to see the transsexuals ? 
You do n't need to see them 
So what is fun about Thailand ? 
The beaches 
Oh 
OK … 
What are the prices in America like ? What is there to eat ? 
I 'm going to bed , its past 12 o'clock 
Lets chat next time 
Yeah 
Good night ! 
Dear , are you there ? 
Yes 
Have you eaten ? 
I 've eaten 
How about you ? 
Eaten 
Do you want to watch a movie ? 
I do n't know whether I can send it over 
There 's a good movie ? 
Do you want to watch ? 
I 'll try sending it to you 
I have sent it to you 
You should be able to get it when you go there 
How should I get it ? 
Just now , it gave me a prompt saying it had been uploaded to the server 
I do n't know how to do it 
You ca n't see the prompt ? 
Can I watch it on the cellphone ? 
No 
Are you accessing the Internet using your cellphone ? 
It only works on computer 
I 'll do it on the computer later 
Hehe 
I 'll ask again if I do n't =know 
Hehe 
I have n't contacted you these few days , and I miss you very much 
Busy ? 
I 'm feeling vexed these few , and went to play mahjong 
days 
Ah 
You even know how to play mahjong ? 
It 's not busy in the workshop , I am busy 
I have to do account reconciliation at the end of the month and beginning of the month 
Oh 
Looking at these numbers these few days gave me a headache . I really admire those accountants 
Finance is surely a pain in the neck 
How have you been recently ? 
I know how to play mahjong 
Quite OK , only the weather is too muggy , so muggy it is unbearable 
It is indeed quite terrible in Shenzhen 
Humid 
Uh-huh 
Key thing is , I 'm too fat 
Haha 
You 're fine 
Not fine , 65Kg 
Do you cook in the evening ? 
Only 155cm 
Most of the time , I make evening snack myself 
Do n't eat evening snacks at night 
That makes you put on weight easily 
Usually , I do n't eat anything after 8:00 p.m. 
Hehe 
I know this rule , but sometimes I work until very late and must eat 
Hehe 
That 's true 
Go take a rest 
Especially Li Xiaobing , sometimes I do n't want to go , so he drags me along 
OK 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Shufeng , are you at work ? 
Not yet 
At home ? 
Yes 
Where did you go on the June 1 holiday ? 
The kids are going to a school friend ’s house for their birthday 
They were playing there they whole day 
It is a holiday for me 
What about you ? 
Where did you take your son to play ? 
I ’ve spent three days with him , I ’m tired 
Haha 
How old is he now ? 
He ’ll have his 6th birthday on September 1 
He ’ll be going to school soon 
Everyone says it ’s better for boys to go to school later , so when I registered him in the residence book I changed it to August 18 . This year the admission age is cut off at September 1 , 2009 
Smart 
Last year even if you missed it by one day it was no good 
You can even change time 
These days the age controls are very strict 
Goodness , I asked someone to help me out 
It took me a few days to change it 
Hehe 
That ’s not bad 
Otherwise even one day off and it would be no good 
Mm , this year especially , they ’re even taking children who were born on September 1 , and I was thinking that I ’d done all that work for nothing [ smiley ] 
Better to be safe 
Hehe 
What year are yours in ? 
Are they in the same class ? 
3rd year 
Not in the same class 
Can they tell them apart , haha 
They can tell them apart 
Born in 04 ? 
Right 
What hobby classes have they signed up for ? 
Oh , dear 
When they were small , piano and drawing 
Table tennis 
Now only table tennis is left 
They ’ve given all the others up 
=no time 
So long as they like table tennis , that ’s fine . I have found anything that he likes yet . He ’s always done taekwondo 
Do yours watch TV ? 
Yes 
They love it 
Every day it ’s cartoons 
They ’re all the same .
Once they get to school they will be busy 
They will not have too much time to learn other things 
Have they taken Olympic Maths and Olympic English classes ? 
They ’ve taken the classes 
Bobo , all the three people I have registered last time have replied your SMSs 
I am in Gutian of Hankou and the other two are in Wujiashan 
We should be relatively convenient as long as the bus you have arranged in Hankou is not too remote 
Thanks . Haha 
Alright 
What is your company about ? 
Responsible for tourism ? 
OK 
Sure , I know 
I saw the total number who have registered and I will book the bus where most people reside 
Oh . Can I add you as a friend ? 
I will contact you if I want to participate in outward activities afterwards 
Can I know your name ? 
Because I always modify the nickname 
Alright 
Ok , ok . I have saved it 
Bobo 
Hahahaha 
We are a outward company which dedicates in outdoor activities 
Have you got climbing in your outward activities ? 
Then you have to cooperate to get over the walls 
You can add me . I like to make friends and I feel honored to have a beauty as a friend 
My name is Liao Chaobo . You can save me as Bobo in the nickname . They all do that [ emotion ] 
You can save my name and call me Bobo . Hehe 
Hehe 
Ok . Drift current is ok . Will the competition get on TV ? 
Oh , we do not have so many people 
We can just follow the others and join the fun 
Yes , we have them all 
The popular games in summer : the competition of courage and wisdom and drift current 
Yeah . Most people in our unit are old and there are only 6 young people 
It is organized by Huanggang TV station 
Not on TV . Just get out and have fun 
People are from my own company . I have not brought a team until last Sunday 
100 people 
Hahahaha 
Public institution 
There are only 20 people in total 
Hehe . How many people ? 
No. I meant there are that many people in the team I brought yesterday . They are from one company 
Yeah . You know 
So we can only play by ourselves 
Er .. What company .. ? 
Yes 
I meant they are not professional on outward activities 
Er … 
It is a public institution on the floor above our company 
Hongshan Transportation Materials Bureau . They are all old people ... 
No. I often take them out 
Such as going out and picking strawberries 
They can not climb . I always take them to Museums 
Yeah , yeah . Traveling is ok 
Haha . You can get back to your business 
I will not disturb you any more 
Your work is good 
You can play around 
You mean to travel 
Hehe . It is ok 
Hehe . Yes 
General Manager Chen I am sorry . I was looking at the codes , did n't see your QQ message 
I will try my best to finish writing the soft article and send it to you before leaving work 
Um OK .
No problem .
You each have to finish producing a greeting card 
Is General Manager Chen there ? 
You mentioned soft article and greeting cards earlier , did you mean that we have to combine the soft article and the picture to form a picture or you want the picture and article to be separated ? 
Oh then make it similar to the format of a greeting card , with simple and understandable language 
Alright 
I am here 
Do n't separate , make it one greeting card 
Actually there is no requirement regarding the format 
Of course it will be more beautiful , the better 
It is for the clients after all 
It works 
General Manager Chen , pictures are done already 
I will send it to you and you will see if it is good . If there is anywhere that needs to be altered , I will make the alteration 
Yes 
Make two more schemes as options .
Did you make 3 ? 
OK , got it 
Here 
Um 
Do you mean adding a good picture in the article ? 
Wang Shuai 
My idea is that because it is a greeting card , it will be impossible for the clients to read it like reading an article . Therefore the simpler the language is , the better it will be 
I think both of your works are good , it will be even better if you two can make an integration 
It will confuse the primary with secondary if there is too much language usage that conflicts with the background 
Alright 
Add his writing in your picture 
Your picture is very beautiful 
General Manager Chen , according to your idea I made a greeting card . Please check if there is anything needs to be changed 
Um do you want me to make some more ? 
Alright General Manager Chen .
Um 
Alright , keep it that way .
Traditional Chinese 
Because this afternoon they have to be sent to the franchisers 
Now they have to be printed out 
Not necessary . This one is good enough 
It used traditional Chinese here 
Oh I will make changes right away 
Hold on for a second 
It should be Shangdong Dacheng Industrial Co. , Ltd. 
[ Picture ] here should I add the word province ? 
The word province is missing 
Please take a look at it see if it is appropriate 
That is not necessary 
Alright 
? 
Here 
According to your performance at work , the company hopes that you can stay 
Carry on with the work at hand 
No need to hand over 
You are welcome .
Now who else is sitting in your room ? 
Just us three 
Oh understood 
This one is in the format of Office 2007 . If the version of your WPS is not updated , or it 's Office 2007 , it wo n't open 
But Office 2003 has patch packages . if your computer has installed Office 2003 , it will open if you install this patch package 
Let me check in my computer if the one I downloaded earlier is still there 
I will go download one and send it to you , after you install 2003 you should be able to open it 
How would I know which version I have installed ? 
Um send me a remote request I will know after I check your computer 
Yours should be 2003 
The picture is the one for the 2003 version 
Yes 
That means it requires patches ? 
Can I download patches myself ? 
Yes , it almost finishes the downloading here . How about I send it to so you can install it right away ? 
That works as well 
You go ahead and download first 
Send it to me 
Double click and install should be ok 
Then I will cut off the remote 
OK 
If it does n't work , =find me again 
Alright 
Um 
I see it 
Publish it on the website right ? 
Alright , I will publish now .
How many should I publish upon request ? 
OK , where was Gou Ji hosted ? 
Alright , understood .
OK .
Sent you the pictures 
In your Email 
It is the one that General Manager Lu awarded the 1000 Yuan prize winner for the Gou Ji Da Lei Tai Contest 
He won 3 row and was awarded with 1000 Yuan 
Um . Go on the website right ? 
Sent it to your Email again 
They are all from the same day 
You see which one of the pictures is good 
No requirements 
At Buyihou Hotel on Wenhua Road in downtown 
The address is where the award took place 
Did General Manager Lu also participate in the competition ? 
See there were in total 6 people , he was sitting next to them 
Then I will write observe the competition 
General Manager did n't , did he ? 
I did n't go 
But I also did n't hear about him participating in the competition 
Um I saw this picture as well 
Alright 
It is published already 
Has n't it ended ? 
I thought it ended 
Then let me change the topic 
Done modifying 
Has n't ended 
Hurry and take it off 
You take it off 
Alright 
The Gou Ji Da Lei Tai activity will be happening for a whole year 
This winning 3 row is only one tiny victory of a small team 
Um .
Shandong Dacheng Industrial Co. , Ltd hosted the Hesman Gou Ji Da Lei Tai Contest that takes part in community activities in Zaozhuang 
How about writing it this way ? 
Award 
Change it to : this is an activity that Gou Ji Da Lei Tai takes part in the community 
Oh so that is what it is . Have n't paid attention to any news like this in Zaozhuang , so I do n't really know about the background .
Let me make more changes 
I will let you know when I am done modifying , then you will take a look again . [ picture ] 
It is not so accurate , let me explain to you 
Ok I will do it in the afternoon . I am going to eat~ [ emoticon ] 
This year the city channel made this program called Gou Ji Da Lei Tai , and they were looking for sponsors . Our company cooperated with the channel , and offered sponsorship 
Gou Ji Da Lei Tai is imitating the provincial entertaining channel , it is playing cards online 
In the first months in our city channel , they made it on TV 
Until recently did they managed to make Gou Ji Da Lei Tai walk into communities , made it an audition in communities 
The picture with me was the launching ceremony 
The picture with General Manager Lu was the one that awarded the prize winner who won 3 row 
It will appear winning 3 row , 5 row continuously . Eventually there will be an annual champion at the end of the year 
Hehe , it is not your fault .
Originally the audition was taking place on the Internet , now the audition is in communities where people are playing actual cards 
Alright 
Alright 
Off work 
Alright 
In order to enrich the leisure lives of the people of Zaozhuang , Shangdong Dacheng Industrial Co , . Ltd and Zaozhuang TV Channel co-hosted Gou Ji Da Lei Tai activity waking into communities 
During the contest all the lovers of Gouji actively registered to participate in the contest . Various experts came to reveal their superiority 
This contest has hosted the award ceremony for the winner who won 3 row in the Gou Ji Contest at Buyihou Hotel on Wenhua Road in Zaozhuang 
Below is the launching ceremony , scenes from the contest and the award ceremony 
Chairman Lu of Shandong Dacheng Industrial Co. , Ltd. personally awards 1000 Yuan to the prize winner who won 3 row 
Alright , then I will modify this sentence , and publish it directly .
Should I write winning 3 row below ? 
[ picture ] [ picture ] Change it to Award Ceremony directly . Winning 3 row is not needed 
The rest is good 
Um 
=Ok 
Ok 
(( It is double Rome bar for the master bedroom )). The color will be more or less the same with the yarn . But it has to be a bit thin , I do n't want anything too thick 
What color of the vertical stripes that you prefer for the subaltern room ? 
[ emoticon ] This type that is close to the wall 
Say hello ? Are you from Jinan ? 
Yes , right 
Which district are you in ? 
Tianqiao District 
Shall we go to America together ? 
I 'm in Shizhong District 
Oh , hello 
Are you pregnant ? I 'm ready for it 
The elder one is still young 
It has not weaned 
My kid is 10 years old and in grade three of a primary school . Haha , I had an abortion before , I ca n't get pregnant now even if I want to 
Why will go then ? 
I will try hard , I want to get the visa ahead of time and then get pregnant , have you got your visa ? 
Not yet 
The elder one is only nine months old , I want to start to get the visa after it 's one year old and has weaned 
Oh , we two should be able to go together , I 'm going to my husband 's place to have a baby in summer vacation , I will try to get pregnant , haha , the expected date of confinement will be May and I will go in March . Haha , this is what I planned 
You do n't work ? 
You are a teacher 
I 'm working 
I discussed with 160 about the visa issue just now 
It will be more confident to get the visa first and =then get pregnant 
That 's right 
What does Director Zhang mean ? 
That it should be issued , but it has n't been issued 
As for your side , it is precisely that for the cleaners 
Does it mean it should be for this month ? 
Right 
Do n't mention the cleaner issue anymore .
Does Director Zhang want to see how much money it is ? 
Who knows ? 
I 'll send it to you and you send all of it to him ? 
Send our own 
Which mailbox ? 
Dear . I sent all of mine . Chongqing belongs to us now 
Motionless 
Do n't sleep until eight or nine then get up 
Probably 
Plan to go back again 
Preset the rice 
Rice is no =rush . There 's still time to even go home and cook after work 
I guess Tutu does n't eat at night 
It 's not that fast 
Make preparations early 
She just wants to eat noodles 
Rice for us 
Cooking a few spicy dishes 
What will she eat when she wakes up ? 
If it 's really late at the hospital then she can drink milk 
If at home and not too late then eat noodles 
And drink milk afterward 
There is still half a cantaloupe 
Ate half in the morning 
Does Tutu look pitiful ? 
Troublesome 
Half a cantaloupe , half a pear 
Uh huh 
Eating pears in the morning ? 
She can really eat 
Can not meet the requirement of the growth hormone 
You know the results now ? 
How about the difference ? 
Uh huh 
There is one with a standard of above 10 
When will all the results be handed together to the doctor for consultation ? 
There is one with a (( semi-standard )) above 5 
Now ? 
Tutu has one above 5 , but under 10 
What did the doctor say 
Is drug intervention needed ? 
Hormone injection is not good 
Have to ask the doctor after 10 days to see if drug intervention is needed 
You have to wait so long ? 
Find someone to take a look first 
Going to the outpatient service to look for Chen Xiaobo 
Photocopying the medical records to take to the outpatient service and have a look 
What day are you going ? 
Today ? 
After 10 days 
Ask your sister first 
Get a rough understanding first 
She does n't understand either 
Why must you wait so long 
The medical records will be photocopied after 10 days 
We can only see them once they are photocopied 
What would you like to eat in the evening 
Tomato eggs ? 
Making three dishes 
Quite fast too 
Lie a while next to [ Tutu | Rabbit ] 
Alright 
Anything is okay 
Sister Feng is here , sitting at my side staring 
This person really worries people 
I 'm going back now 
Alright 
I 'm back 
Preset the rice 
Made initial dish preparations 
Brought you tea eggs 
Have n't cooked in so long , your praise is welcome this evening 
Okay , Tutu is still sleeping . June 6 , 2013 , 2013-06-06 16:26:44 [ Sandu Town | Sanduxiaozheng ] 20 per day 
A little interested 
Then cancel it 
Eat at home at noon later 
You can also rest a while after eating 
I 'd eat at home if I were you 
Cook for myself ? 
There 's just not an abundant variety 
There 's soup , porridge , fruit or yogurt , and 5 dishes 
Also steamed bread , buns , cake and what not 
Have the nanny cook 
So sleepy in the afternoon 
A nanny is hired to do such things 
I guess she 's unwilling 
Change person 
Newcomers should accept this rule at the start 
What 's there to be willing or unwilling about 
Later I 'll bring food at noon too 
The meal allowance for the two of us is still over seven hundred a month 
Haha , find a suitable one somewhere 
If nothing else turn to the housekeeping companies 
Done talking 
Okay 
I 've tidied up and am ready to take off 
Excellent ! 
Worried Tutu has a fever and cough 
Love you to death 
Going home at noon ? 
Yes 
[ Tutu | rabbit ] reportedly had n't coughed all morning , then coughed a few times when it was time to go home 
Not in bad condition 
Has a little snivel 
Took medicine and went to bed when I left 
Did you eat ? 
The food was so - so , my mother 's pasta with some vegetables , just ate less than half 
Still cooking ? 
I should n't 
Eating at home in the evening ? 
Yes 
It might still rain heavily this evening 
Remember to take an umbrella 
I ’m here 
Haha , I heard from Jun that you were busy with Niuniu 
I did n’t want to disturb you 
I guessed you would be getting beaten up 
I ’m making Jun ’s bed 
Just finished 
Haha , VIP treatment 
I want it , too 
Have you just trim your hair again ? It does n’t look like it ’s as long as last time 
If you come , I ’ll definitely make one for you 
You look very smart 
I ’d just grasp the chance once in this life to go to America and visit you 
Sleep in the bed you make for me 
I have cut my hair a bit 
It ’s too hot in the summer 
You plan to let it grow out , do n’t you 
You could consider putting in a hair - clip 
You have to come 
This time Jun is going from Nanjing , he should go from Beijing , get him to bring a hair accessory for you 
Mm , that ’s agreed , I ’ll definitely come 
In the morning I ’ll get straighteners and straighten it 
Are you naturally curly ? 
And that will be what I want 
It looks very straight 
It is not curly , but in the morning it ’s usually a mess 
Do n’t wash your hair in the morning 
It gets messy 
Take a photo of you and Jun in a while for me 
I ’ll take it after Niuniu wakes up 
Sometimes when I ’m lazy in the evening I do n’t wash it , then I wash it in the morning 
Tomorrow I ’ll send you a photo 
I always wash mine at night . If I wash it in the morning it gets fluffy 
So I use straighteners 
OK . Is your husband home ? He could really lend you a hand . And you have to talk to Jun as well ? 
They work really well 
It ’s just that if you use them every day , your hair gets dry 
My husband ’s putting Niuniu to bed 
Good husband 
Jun will be able to eat your cooking , wo n’t he ? 
It ’s his job 
I want to eat some , too 
He ate everything up today 
Ate until he was stuffed 
Shows it was well cooked 
Was there chili pepper ? 
Next time I ’ll make it for you 
Some 
Very corrupt 
OK , my mouth is watering just thinking about it 
I only know how to put chili peppers in 
Worried that you would n’t be used to it 
We ate Sichuanese food for lunch 
I ’m so jealous 
The most important thing is being able to be with you 
That guy has eaten instant noodles for a month , he was extremely grateful to get some Sichuanese food 
Haha , grateful to the point of tears , I bet 
Before I never liked anything without spice , now I ’ve reverted a little bit 
Really , he ’s been eating instant noodles for a month ? 
So frugal for the Communist Party ? 
Now , we two are having a competition to see who can eat the most spice 
Each of us is going to make a few spicy dishes 
He had Brazilian barbecue one time , and got cold sores all over his mouth 
Could n’t even speak properly [ smiley ] 
I admit defeat now 
I ’m all talk 
You go and be with the guy with a mouth full of cold sores 
Will he hate me ? 
Trying to take you away from him 
He ’s still booking his hotel in New York 
Did he just get there today ? 
How tall and how heavy is Niuniu now ? 
How is her talking ? 
Usually I see that you ’re busy , and you do n’t go on Q much . I guess you do n’t have time , so I just ignore you [ smiley ] 
He went to Philadelphia today 
Niuniu is a meter now 
That ’s great 
Tuzi is only 94cm . She will be 4 years old on the 16th of this month 
So I ’m worried 
It took me ten years to grow to one meter 
These few days I ’ve been in =hospital for tests 
In hospital 
This guy got there in three and a half years 
My brother was the same 
So he says do n’t worry 
How ’s Tuzi ? 
I suspect there ’s something wrong with her growth 
They are running tests on him 
It should n't be , just look at me 
Mainly it ’s because Mom and Dad Song are both short 
I ’m afraid the family has hereditary shortness 
I only grew up in the third year of junior high 
I thought you were much taller than me in high school 
I had to look up to see you 
No way , we two were about the same , I think 
You were just thin 
When we were in senior high , I felt overawed standing next to you 
Do n’t give Tuzi hormones or anything 
I should give her growth hormone 
Inject it every day into her stomach 
Inject it myself 
I hope it ’s nothing , then I wo n’t have to inject her 
She ’s had a really hard time with this week of tests 
This afternoon we ’re doing an MRI o her , to see if there are any problems with her pituitary , whether she lacks growth hormone 
You should still be careful 
I ’ll be careful 
Be careful when using drugs 
I wo n’t use any unless there ’s no other way 
Growth hormone might have some effect in the short term 
But there ’s the worry that [ the cure will be worse than the disease | pulling sprouts to make them grow ] 
I ’ll look at the test results first 
Send me the name of the drugs 
Then decide whether or not to intervene and how to intervene 
I ’ll look them up 
There are n’t any drugs yet 
When they are prescribed I ’ll tell you 
I ’m looking up her percentile now 
Weight 
Head circumference , height 
Give them to me 
Tuzi was in the hospital as soon as she was born . They said it was hypoxic - ischemic encephalopathy , then she had her adenoids taken out , and now she has growth problems 
Why is it so hard for a child to grow up ? 
Weight 30 jin , height 94cm , I do n’t know her head circumference 
Tuzi is very clever , she ’ll be fine 
We tested her IQ , and there was no problem , she ’s at the level of a 4.7 year old 
We tested her chromosomes and there was no problem , either 
I ’m just worried that there ’s something wrong with her pituitary , or that it ’s hereditary in the family 
You go and look after Jun 
I have some news to tell you 
It ’s a rare chance to see you so far from home for him 
Her weight is normal 
Height 10 - 15 % , normal 
It ’s only worth worrying about if it ’s not on the chart 
Look at the two charts on page 28 and page 30 
And this is the standard for the American children , they ’re a bit taller than Asian children 
By the standards in China , Tuzi is hovering near the lower limit 
And she ’s always been bumping along the lower limit 
Do n’t get worked up over it 
I ’m just worried that one day she ’ll fall under the lower limit 
And I ’m worried that it ’s dwarfism 
If we wait to intervene until her bones are fused , it will be too late 
My husband has a colleague who was always out of chart when she was small . She ’s normal today 
This time it ’s mainly doing some initial tests , then I ’ll have an idea of what ’s going on 
And look at me , I was only one meter at 10 years old 
And are n’t I pretty much OK now ? 
I ’m just worried that there ’s really something wrong , I ’d have let my child down 
I expect the test results will be entirely normal 
I ’m just worried that the doctors will prescribe drugs she does n’t need 
Then I ’ll just calmly wait for her to grow taller 
Growth hormone is a hormone 
Right , a lot of doctors in China are unethical 
I know 
It ’s not very good for a child ’s development 
Unless there ’s no other way , I wo n’t give it to her 
Particularly with Tu’er ’s intelligence being a far above average 
Is there a connection between above - average intelligence and using growth hormone ? 
My colleague ’s doctor is a pediatrician . I ’ll ask for you 
I ’m worried that growth hormone will depress her intelligence 
OK , OK , do n’t be so worried . You look after Niuniu and Juner 
I ’ll ask for you this week 
OK 
If we were closer it would be better . Niuniu and Tutu could be friends 
They would be able to look after each other 
Children are too solitary these days 
Right , Niuniu is lonely , too 
She ’s very happy playing with Jun 
Jun ’s a bit of a child at the bottom of his heart , I expect Niuniu will like him 
Tutu is very happy in the hospital , because there are children with her 
Do you not have plans to come back for Chinese New Year in the next few years ? 
I would love to let the two little ones play together for a day 
No plans in the immediate future 
Right , last time Niuniu was still too small 
I ’ll see if there ’s any chance next year 
Tutu loves playing with other children now . Niuniu is three years and three months , she should like interacting 
OK , if you confirm it , tell me 
Yes 
OK 
When you come I ’ll cook for you 
I look forward to it 
Take you to buy hair 
Buy pretty dresses 
OK 
Hair ornaments 
You come to the USA 
I will come , it ’s just that Tuzi is too little . It would be hard work taking her 
I ’ll think about it when she ’s a bit bigger . Lately I ’ve been thinking about going to Singapore 
I went to the USA in June 2009 
To see your little nephew 
2010 
No , my sister does n’t have any children 
It was my husband having a meeting . I went to keep him company on the trip 
I meant your brother ’s child 
When is he coming the next time 
Haha , little Tuzi will come from Singapore to Beijing on May 31 
She ’ll stay for a year at least 
When she ’s bigger she ’ll go back for kindergarten 
She ’s only 1 year 3 months now 
Oh 
I do n’t know when the next time will be 
She ’s a little Tuzi as well 
Next time I want to go to the east coast , which will be good for seeing you 
Yes , three Tuzis : my Tuzi , Jun ’s Tuzi and my brother ’s Tuzi 
Haha 
A litter of Tuzis [ smiley ] 
I ’m going to bed 
OK . You ’ve been chatting with me instead of taking care of Jun 
You ’ve had a busy day , you must be tired . You go and get some sleep 
Chat when I have time 
He ’s busy 
OK 
See you then 
Are you there ? 
What materials do I need to bring to submit the Certificate of Changes in the Industrial and Commercial Bureau ? 
Original documents ? 
I am here 
It will be ok if you just bring the business license 
If you are going to the city branch you will need to bring the photocopy 
If it is in the municipal branch you will need to bring the original documents 
Do n't buy it yet , if you need anything come to the Finance Department and get it . In future if the volume of customers is getting larger , it will be fine if you purchase then 
Okay 
Are you there ? 
The materials that we are made to write , how is it going with the preparation ? I found an =external assistance , I am wondering if you can send some to us this afternoon 
These are the records they sent to us , I have n't listened to them yet . I wonder how they are 
? 
Haha , you found some external assistance ? 
I wrote a bit 
But they were all extracted from our teaching material 
I will let you read it later , then will delete it 
Alright 
Okay 
I am actually in a hurry dealing with issues in regards to the Provincial Famous Brand and the second class qualification . That is why I am not so energetic in doing this . I referred to our teaching material , and extracted something 
Wait until the young man sends it to us , then we will do the integration 
1= 
Sister Xie , you still have to send me the introduction to Hehe Household , I will need to send it to the TV station for advertising 
Okay 
OK 
Are you there ? Send what you did to me so I can take a look . What the young man sent to me yesterday was too little . He might have misunderstood what I meant . I will download it later and send it to you so you can take a look 
Master Zhu 's pot has been broken since long . I have forgotten .
Or we buy one for the third floor 
They say General Manager Wei will use it as well 
Ok , so buy one . If you are buying , buy it from Midea or other brands . Do n't buy anything with a bad quality , otherwise it will be hard to fix if it is broken 
It is Teacher Xue who did the mobilization before class started . Take a look 
[ emoticon ] You are very capable 
So you will be doing this one , I will go ahead and keep accounts 
Okay 
I am finished . Take a look There are a lot of things inside , help me and delete some 
I looked , I 'd better not change anything . Let 's all fix it together when we meet up in the afternoon . My personal opinion is that it lacks content on mobilization . What do you think ? 
Um , do you need to listen to the records ? Or else I will leave my phone with you , so you listen to them . I listened to some of them yesterday ; it felt different when I listened to it again 
Right , it 's just we totally understand , we just do n't know how to make everybody understand through verbal descriptions .
Um let 's leave it like this . You get in touch with everybody , let 's have a meeting sometime this afternoon 
I read page 77 thoroughly . Indeed there is a smaller content in mobilization , but how to write about mobilization ? The company 's interests and personal interests are inseparably interconnected . how to extend it , I do n't know 
Personal dreams and company 's dreams , I do n't know how to extend it , either 
They should all be waiting for us , notify them , and fix a time for the meeting . The money for second class constructor has not been approved by General Manager Jiang yet , it has n't reached the Finance Department till now 
I think this PPT is not easy to write , how about making General Manager Lu add some explanation ? 
Okay 
Actually for this mobilization what General Manager Lu utters weighs the most 
General Manager Lu said we will have a meeting this afternoon 
This afternoon 
Right , has the 24 thousand for the second class constructor been approved by General Manager Lu ? 
Right 
Okay 
3 o'clock this afternoon 
Xiaoliang , are you doing fine over there ? Is Shangshang adapting himself ? 
He 's still 
Shangshang is fine . He 's adapting himself very well here 
I expect you 're fine ? 
Are you busy with experiments ? 
Not very busy 
I 'm OK 
When does your wife have her baby ? 
Is it that R . J . Gort 's group ? Is it run by him ? 
Yes 
My wife should have her baby in the middle of August 
Gorte comes to take a look at the lab every day . A very good man 
Her condition is OK , quite normal 
How old is he ? 
Over 50 years of age , I think 
I do n't know exactly 
Is Shangshang enjoying himself ? 
Yes , he is 
Hehe , I think he 's unwilling to come back 
Has Sister Liu found a job ? Or do you want another child =there ? 
By the way , Le , I heard that it was rumored at the lab that I went to the environmental institute ? 
Who said that ? I have n't even heard that 
If you have n't heard it , just forget it . Hehe 
Your student , Hou Rui , has fallen ill 
I know 
It 's not what you 're thinking of 
In that case , I wo n't worry 
He 's more or less recovered recently . I asked a student about him not long ago 
I 've kept in contact with Hu Rui , and the school hospital misdiagnosed him 
The Institute of Technology hospital really does people great harm ! 
That 's right . Unreliable 
I do n't recall it . Go look it up over in Teacher Shi 's place 
Are you building a big battery ? 
There are records in Teacher Shi 's place 
Yes 
Do you mean Teacher Shi 's previous contract ? 
Yes 
OK 
Is Gort building a big battery ? 
He is n't 
Are they mainly working on materials ? 
They 're mainly working on materials and mechanism 
Try to learn from how they analyze mechanism , and when you come back to work , you can go into it a little deeper 
The point is to try to learn something by seeing it done .
It 'll also be fine to expand your horizons . Is it easy to apply for SOFC funding over there where they are ? 
It has n't been easy to apply for it in America recently 
It 's hard to get funding for SOFC 
Have they cut the funding ? America once had a great deal of funding for SOFC 
They 've cut it by 10 % . It 's having a large impact 
The US economy is in recession , which has a considerable impact 
America is still very strong , and is ahead of China in SOFC by at least 10 years , I 'd say 
The gap is indeed rather considerable 
And I think their work is done very meticulously and thoroughly , whereas ours is still undergoing extensive development 
The division of labor over here between colleges and companies is quite clear - cut 
Their companies also invest a lot of money in them , do n't they ? 
The money invested by the companies in the colleges is not much 
The main thing is that several large companies are doing it 
Oh 
Are you cooking for yourself ? 
Yes 
I 'm doing the cooking myself 
Haha 
Is the cooking all done by Sister Liu ? 
We 're doing the cooking together 
What time is it now over there ? It 's now half past ten in the morning here 
Half past 10 in the evening , a 12 - hour time difference 
Oh , what time do you generally go to bed ? 
Around 11 o'clock 
Your surroundings are very quiet , not noisy , right ? 
Are there other Chinese people in your group ? 
The University of Pennsylvania is in downtown Philadelphia , and it is a little noisy , but it 's not too bad 
There are . There are several people who graduated with PhDs from Tsinghua University 
Le , when will you come over to have a look ? 
For me , it will have to be in one or two years ' time 
You have to look after the kid then 
Let 's discuss it another time 
Is it hot there ? 
The summer here is a little too hot 
Oh 
It 's a little bit like the weather in Beijing 
Hmm , that is a little too hot 
It 's a little too hot , and the ultraviolet rays are quite strong . When you go out , you need to apply sunscreen 
I 've got something to attend to . Let 's chat later . Why do n't you carry on with your work ? 
OK , I 'll press on 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 88 ] 
Lao Zuo 
Here 
On holiday yet ? 
Soon , end of the month .
And you ? 
I do n't teach , no winter or summer vacations 
Oh . You 're not a teacher anymore 
I 've never been a teacher here 
Oh . Then what do you do ? 
At a language research institute 
Oh . Then you do research .
Yeah , I feel exhausted . I 'm studying for a doctorate in the department now , engaging in English literature . It 's like [ switching to a job I was n't trained for | leaving home midway ] .
Wow , Dr. Zuo 
You do n't know what a sham it is . Ashamed .
At such an old age and still working on this .
I did n't even finish my studies . I 'm more ashamed .
That level is higher than me . Domestic doctorates you know , are just muddling along to get a diploma , that 's all .
I chose Ian McEwan for the study . I wonder if you have any suggestions ? 
I 'm even more of a layman 
Recently it has been a year or two since I even read a book 
Modest . There is a book , Reading Romance , by author Janice A Radway . I wonder if you have an electronic version over there ? 
I 'll take a look .
Okay . Thanks .
Douban says Amazon has it for sale 
Oh . Okay .
Is n't it very late now , over there ? 
12 hour difference 
Oh 
Just accompanied my son to sleep . Finally let me out .
Exhausting 
Hard enough 
Raising him yourself ? How about your father and them ? 
Helping my brother raise (( his kid )) 
We always raise him ourselves 
Oh 
That 's good of you 
Your daughter is already 10 years old ? 
12 
Elementary going on to middle school 
Causing any trouble ? 
She 's alright , but I still worry .
That 's natural 
You say it 's still better to go study abroad , right ? 
I 'm saying there 's benefit to her having this kind of experience 
To broaden horizons 
Learn new things 
That 's natural . Yet I still fear coming back she wo n't be able to catch up . Indecisive .
Scotland 's education system seems to be different from England and the United States .
I have a friend , her husband came to the U.S. to visit . She and her son both came over . Their son went to school for a year here , then went back to continue his studies .
She 's also from Wuhan 
Oh 
Her husband is from [ Central China Normal University | Huashi ] 
Why do n't you ask her ? 
I can give you her contact information 
There seems to be nothing to ask 
If you have any question tell me , although I do n't know the answer either .
Alright .
Sent you an email 
Alright .
Thanks a lot . I 'm going to sleep now 
See you later 
Okay .
Dear i 
Here you come 
What are you doing ? 
I am waiting for you 
I am reading Iron Age written by Wang Xiaobo 
Wow 
Ok 
Since when are you interested in Wang Xiaobo ? 
Working is not fun . What is fun ? 
Will you go to the library during the Dragon Boat Festival ? 
Will our mood become completely different if we are paid with high wages for our work ? 
Yeah 
Our wages make us unhappy 
We will be happy if the wages get higher 
Alright . It truly is .
So , we should strive to change the situation 
I might go on Dragon Boat Festival 
Do what we should do now 
[ There is not a quick and easy path | we can not go to heaven in one step ] 
Yeah ? 
Prepare for your midlevel seriously 
Then get a Master 's degree certificate 
Then go to blind dates seriously and get married 
And finally ? 
I figure out that you are so bored every day 
I am learning 
I mean when you are at work 
Yeah 
There is little business lately 
Haha 
I am waiting for you to come to [ make good comment | brush reputation ] for me 
Hahahaha 
Ok , I will after a couple days 
Hahahaha 
Dear , how come you have become so poor , too 
What is Wang Xiaobo ’s Iron Age about ? 
No wages 
I can spend all however much it is 
I find out that 5000 for a month is not enough 
I will be dead if I need to pay bank loans for a house afterwards 
Never mind , I will not think of it since I =do not even have 2000 for a month 
Therefore , house is still very important , right ? 
We would have become house sales ladies after graduation if we knew 
Forget about it 
It is too late now 
It surely is 
Especially those who sell villas 
We shall work for 10 years for the profit in selling one villa 
Yeah 
Never mind , dear . There is no good in thinking more 
Yes , yes 
Let us think about what we should ask [ Wet nurse | Nai Ma ] to buy 
Haha 
Yeah 
We should live as always 
We had better live happily 
I am losing weight , but it did not work . What should I do ? 
I will be happy if I would succeed in losing weight , Haha 
You need to have persistence 
Be persistent 
Hehe , right .
I can not help to eat at dinner time 
That is the reason 
You need to stay hungry 
Be hard on yourself 
Dear 
Dear 
Do you want to go and watch the drama Gone with Zhimo 
Where ? 
Wuhan Theatre 
At the opposite of the Palace of Youth 
how much 
I do not know . I will check on the internet 
Dear 
The tickets for Saturday have been sold out 
Only those for Friday are left 
Is not it today ? 
No 
On 21st 
That is all right . Let us go together 
Otherwise there is nothing to do 
Then I will book the tickets 
Haha 
At what price can you accept ? 
At what price do you want to book ? 
100 or 180 . I just checked that seats at the price of 100 are those in the circle 
The seats in the front 6 rows of the circle are sold at the price of 180 
Both are ok 
Hehe 
The seats behind the stall are also sold at the price of 180 
Ok 
That is all right . The point is the visibility 
Dear , I will go to Enshi on Dragon Boat Festival 
With ? 
People in the room 
Dear 
Enshi Road is broken 
You can not go 
Stay in Wuhan [ quietly | honestly ] 
Your environment has changed greatly 
I just get noticed 
Is it the room escape ? 
Ah 
I will go to the library with nanny 
Nanny has not responded me when 
Yes 
He can not get online 
I have left a message for him yesterday 
He =did not respond 
Has Nanny cut off contact with the outside world ? 
He did not reply on WeChat , either 
Completely out of touch 
I do not know the reason 
Right 
Nanny finally appeared on WeChat 
At such a leisure pace 
Yeah 
I am alone in the office 
So cool . Ok 
It is so annoying 
The director let me write materials again 
Writing materials is the most boring thing 
Trust yourself 
I do not need trust 
I do not need 
What do you need ? 
Money , money 
Money , money 
And vacation , vacation 
Think quietly 
Thoughts 
Yes 
Are you available tomorrow to play room escape 
Dear 
At 4 tomorrow afternoon . Still in Jiali Building 
OK 
Be there 10 minutes in advance 
Hi , are you online ? 
Yes 
I =booked a round trip plane ticket from Philadelphia to Harbin with you here at the end of May 
I booked it for my spouse 
She ca n't come back on time now , and so I 'm thinking of =canceling the return plane ticket 
canceling 
Can you find out how I could do it ? Sorry for putting you to trouble 
The passenger 's full name is ... ? 
Liu Limin 
Hold on , I 'll contact the airline company and ask if we can do a Refund for this ticket 
It 's confirmed that she is not going , right ? 
Yes 
Thanks 
So that means you wo n't give us the money back ? 
Hmm 
The outbound journey has already been taken up , and so there 's no way to refund just the remaining return journey 
In that case , what can we do ? 
You could either use it to travel or write it off , or you could contact delta and see if they can give you some Credit 
Can I change my return journey date ? My wife is probably coming over at the end of the year 
What I mean is , can I change my return ? 
Hold on 
OK 
You can change that -- the latest you can change it to is December 11 , 2013 , or before that 
If there is a ticket of the same class , you can pay 350.00 USD , and if you ca n't reserve it , you need to change the date or pay the difference in price 
I can change this ticket of my wife 's to December 11 at the latest ? 
Yes 
It was sent by mistake -- I 'm sorry 
The maximum stay is 6 months 
That 's not right -- hold on 
OK 
Limin set out on May 25 , and so the latest her return journey can be changed to is November 24 , 2013 , or before that 
I see - how much more do I need to pay ? 
If there is a ticket of the same class , you can pay 350.00 USD , and if you ca n't reserve it , you need to change the date or pay the difference in price 
That is , 350+ the difference in price 
Thanks , we 'll think about the itinerary 
OK 
If you need to do a change , please contact me on a normal working day before the flight takes off , Monday to Friday , from 10:00 in the morning to 6:00 in the afternoon , US Eastern Standard Time 
Thanks 
OK 
What are we doing at weekend ? 
I will ask Caicai to come 
Think about what should we do together 
I will contact Su at night 
What do you want to do ? 
I have n't figured it out 
As long as we are together , whatever we do will be happy 
How about look for a park , kids can play , we can have a rest , =and take the baby carriage 
Yes , there is a very large park around here 
We can let they two play soccer 
I will let Emma wear shorts 
Ok , I have checked that the weather at weekend is pretty good 
Many kids play soccer 
Ok 
Ok 
Is it far away ? 
Can chive be grown in water ? 
Not far away 
Ten minutes on foot 
From your house ? 
Yes 
No , it will be infused to rot and stinky 
It 's better to grow in earth 
Planting pot 
Ok , why =mine all became yellow ? 
Changing water 
Oh 
Changing water everyday 
Otherwise it will be stinky 
I saw you infusing 
You did n't see me changing water 
Normally what can be infused ? 
I mean not necessarily be grown in earth 
Goldfish 
Ok then 
Understood 
Haha 
It wo n't grow well if infused too long 
Ok , I will go to your house and dig some earth , I am a little interested now 
The earth of my house is hard , not good 
All my =plants do n't grow well 
I will do my best to do it next year 
You are pretty good at it 
I 'm telling you , I 'm not bragging 
I will make you convinced sooner or later 
Remember , [ there 's always someone better | there 's always a mountain beyond a mountain ] 
Well , you also remember , I am [ someone better than you | your mountain beyond a mountain ] 
[ There is always someone to learn from | If three of us are walking together , at least one of the other two is good enough to be my teacher . ] 
[ Sugar | Tang ] , I 'm going to look for vivi to get my stuff tomorrow morning , you can click the goods delivering 
OK 
There is a bottle of soybean sauce 
Ok . I will give them all to Manager Qiao today 
Sister vi is on a business trip and I do n't know if she can come back 
You can give them to Manager Qiao if she does n't coma back 
Could you give Manager Qiao 's phone to me ? 
Manager Qiao is =in C Block 
It 's the gate in Qilu Software Park which faces straightly to Jinshi Road 
Ok 
You return to China ? 
No , returning this weekend , you ? 
I have a Saturday morning flight 
Our Engineer Tuo is finally returning : ) , 
Yes , I 'm ecstatic , ha ha 
I 'm returning even earlier than you , ha ha 
Yes , you can just make it back home for the holiday , who is coming to replace you ? 
There is nobody coming .
Nobody coming for the moment .
Huo is not letting anybody over ? 
I do n't know 
Saw your recent photo [ emoticon ] 
Where ? 
Taken near your home 
Who sent it to you 
[ 130521 ] ? 
From the Class 4 group 
Charming as ever [ emoticon ] 
He [ posted | po ] it without my consent 
Send it to me and let me take a look 
See what he [ posted | po ] 
Actually it 's not bad . I like it . [ emoticon ] 
Make sure to keep it confidential [ emoticon ] 
Totally an old lady 
Haha , I do n't see it this way [ emoticon ] 
Jun suddenly said he was coming this time and caught me off guard 
I do n't find it embarrassing . You want to put on makeup and go on stage ? 
Not necessarily , just too busy , tired 
Have to go on business trips often ? 
Seldom recently . The project I 've been handling is n't that easy 
There 's a lot of =pressure 
Okay , I 'm going to sleep , Happy Dragon Boat Festival 
Happy 
Sister Zhou , are you there ? 
Here 
If you can find your big changing mat , leave it for me 
The range of a boy ’s urine is too wide [ emoticon ] 
Okay 
It will be fine if classmate Miao can come by and get it someday 
How are things ? 
The wound does n't hurt anymore . Yesterday was the first time going out 
Planning to go down for a stroll again on the weekend when the weather is good 
I came out after the 21st day 
Can take the little guy out to get some sun 
You 're really awesome 
Grown up a lot 
Yesterday was my 27th day .
Guoguo has n't come out yet 
No , I gave birth on June 16th , had mastitis on July 1st then came out on the 3rd and went to the hospital for an IV 
Rushed to Guang'anmen Hospital from East Fifth Ring 
What day is Classmate Miao coming ? 
I can be prepared tomorrow 
Was busy with Guoguo just now 
Wait until the evening and I 'll ask him . Will you be here on Sunday ? 
I have to work on Sunday 
Are you there ? 
Yes 
Regarding the case where the PDA was unable to record body temperature , can you first confirm whether a new medical record had been set up properly at the time of the recording ? 
? 
Yes 
Because the afternoon measurements could be recorded 
Only the morning measurements could not be recorded 
Could it be that the medical records had not been set up properly when recording in the morning and had been set up properly when recording in the afternoon ? 
No , the trial subject has been hospitalized for quite a few days already , and the body temperature sheet has records for quite a few days as well 
Oh 
OK 
Can you block one of the users of the 8.8 server ? I do n't have remote access 
No one is using 
Just went to install air - conditioner 
Try accessing remotely 
I ca n't wait … 
log in 
Why not you do it on the server and disconnect all the active users ? 
Are you there ? 
Hi , Engineer Zhang , are you there ? 
I 'm unable to scan the infusion barcode now 
I 'm unable to scan with the PDA of both the newly modified system and old system , it showed invalid barcode 
So where should it be put ? 
Try by clicking elsewhere at the bottom 
I tried , but it just showed invalid 
Connect the PDA to Zhang Youshuai 's machine using a data cable , then give me remote access , , scan the barcode for me 
Xiao Chen , I asked Jun to take you a little present . Next time when he goes to Beijing he ’ll bring it to you 
Hehe , I ’m very grateful . I am already feeling your warm concern from far away 
It must have been hard looking after Jun these few days 
I saw your home , very warm and comfortable and tidy . I did n’t know you were a super homemaker 
You organize your home so well , I want to learn from you 
A little bit , mostly it was just a rush , and work was busy , too 
Did you take time off work ? 
Went shopping with him , and picked him up and saw him off 
My house is very average , you did n’t see the dirty parts 
I had a lot to do at home 
I took one day =off 
I really could n’t get everything done 
Jun was very grateful to eat some Sichuanese food . You looking after him like that made his eyes well up with tears 
It ’s the least I could do 
Old college friend , old friend , many years of friendship 
So long as he knows that 
I saw photos of Niuniu . That little lady has grown really big . Looks a lot like her dad 
Did you make the swing yourself with a tire ? 
Looks more and more like him 
Looking like her handsome dad is a good thing 
How ’s little Tuzi ? 
Came out of the hospital the day before yesterday . That evening she got a temperature and started coughing . She ’s got the flu again 
These few days she ’s stayed at home . The test results will 
Will come out in 10 days ’ time . I ’ll get the doctor to look at them . Their initial impression was that she has n’t got enough growth hormone 
Poor little thing 
The swing is in the local children ’s play park 
Wang Jun was playing with Niuniu , my husband and I took the opportunity to play tennis 
I can see that you look very healthy , glowing with health 
Now I find out you exercise regularly 
Lately I ’ve been terrible . Been under a lot of pressure , and my temper ’s been short . Spots have been coming and going 
Could you hire someone by the hour to help =out ? 
At night I sleep badly , too . Whenever I think about work I ca n’t sleep 
A full time mum , and you have to look after the kids . It ’s extremely hard 
My sleeping has been a bit better lately . I ’ve been taking the Nao Bai Jin that my sister brought . You can try it =out as well 
Actually , the housework is n’t too bad , there is n’t that much , and my husband helps . Plus , if it gets dirty then let it be a bit dirty . What the eye does n’t see , the heart does n’t grieve over 
The pressure from work is as much as that ? Has it always been this way ? I remember last year you raised it 
Have you been doing this job ever since you graduated ? 
Do you like listening to piano music ? I ’ll share some good music with you . It might be able to alleviate your stress 
It ’s off and on 
The project I ’ve been doing lately is very hard 
I expect it would be hard for anyone . Do n’t expect too much of yourself . It ’s just a job , is n’t it ? You need it to support the family , but if you do your best , that ’s enough 
10 years ago I used to lose sleep and worry about work . But today my attitude is much more relaxed 
For me , work is more a tool for making a living , not something I put my hopes and dreams into 
For a woman , maintaining the happiness of her family and her own beauty are probably more important 
Having said that , I often have difficult drafts on my hands now . I go crazy every time , and it ’s irritating . All you can do is plow through it 
They find problems in drafts that I ’ve read , but I tell myself that I ’ve done my best 
Thank you 
However hard it is , it will get better , and it will pass . I wish I could share some of your burdens , even just a little bit . If I can 
I may need your help 
Where do you buy things in New York ? 
I ’m here 
There ’s an outlet 
Really big 
Discounts =like woodbury ? Cheap ? 
Buy some for me [ smiley ] 
How would I get it to you ? Give me a break 
Right , they are all brand outlets , with big discounts 
In future I ’ll be coming to the USA every year 
Just buy a bag 
I ’m not buying from coach , I want to buy from gucci 
That ’s not cheap , right ? And it ’s not an American brand 
I bought coach last year 
First have a look at the prices for me 
You ’re messing with me ! Go such a long way there , just to look at prices for you ! 
Anyway , they ’re much cheaper than in China 
Are you going to work or for pleasure 
I ’m actually representing the State Grid Corporation at the Energy Department in Washington 
If it ’s good then I will buy 
Off you go , and it will be great if you can buy me a bag 
Look , you send me a product number , photo , price , and if I find a bargain , I ’ll buy 
I bought a BUBUERY for my LP , it was half the price 
1478 US dollars , I got it for 788 
A mackintosh , and it really does look good 
Mm , 
From the UK 
Check 
How shall I send it to you ? 
WeChat or text message , or QQ 
When are you going to go ? 
Buy Samsonite suitcase as well to put all the things in , haha 
What is Samsonite ? 
It ’s a brand of suitcase 
If you say Samsonite , will foreigners understand ? 
Otherwise , TUMI 
Is it good ? 
It ’s good , big brand 
Not expensive 
How much cheaper is LV in the USA ? 
If you want me to buy something , tell me 1 : brand , 2 : product number ( with photo ) , 3 : price in China 
Goodness . When are you going to go ? 
For LV you have to go to big malls , like Macy ’s 
Or that famous street , near Central Park 
When are you going ? 
Are there any ? 
Yes 
Ask how much this PARDA bag is 
How much is it in China ? 
More than 10,000 
You fool , do you want me to walk home ? [ smiley ] 
[ smiley ] First have a look for me 
There are n’t any product numbers , what if I asked the wrong one 
The bag the assassin was carrying in Mission Impossible 4 [ smiley ] 
I ’ll look it up 
They have all different colors 
What is the product number , sister ! 
It ’s no good staying in your home , everyone welcomes me , you do n’t welcome me 
It ’s not generally good to stay in other people ’s homes [ smiley ] 
How much more than 10,000 ? 11,000 - 19,000 
Where do I buy it ? Sister ! 
Buy what ? 
Shopping in New York , bad information , heavy rain , today 
Did n’t you say to go to WOODBURY , they have everything there 
Did n’t you say you ’d bought it last time ? Where ? 
Did you go there last time ? 
I went 
Is it in the city ? 
No , you have to go to the suburbs 
How do you get there ? Last time 
You Baidu it and you ’ll see 
You ’ve been there and you do n’t know how to get there ? 
In the city go to 5th Avenue . It ’s all luxury brands . But it ’s very expensive [ smiley ] 
I took the Greyhound there 
At the railway station 
Which railway station . I guess it was a tour guide who took you there last time , right ? You do n’t know anything 
I ’ll Baidu it for you , OK ? 
What tour guide ? I was traveling on my own 
Did n’t you have people with you ? 
A PhD from Xian Jiaotong University 
We two shopped in New York for three days 
I bet it was a man , naughty 
Take the Woodbury shopping line from a bus stop on 42nd Avenue in Manhattan . It takes about an hour on the bus 
A woman 
It ’s the 3rd or 4th floor of the central bus station , there ’s a dedicated route 
I see . I ’ve got another day tomorrow , I ’ll make a trip specially to look . The day after tomorrow I ’m setting off 
OK , take your money and card , ha 
Do you really mean to get me to buy that bag ? 
The cheapest is COACH bags , last time I bought one for about RMB 1300 . When I came back , they were selling it for 6200 in a department store 
Look at the prices first 
Is it that good ? Are you tricking me ? 
Go and look yourself 
You ’ve got a terrible attitude [ smiley ] 
Baidu a bit , see what ’s the most worth buying 
For you , I recommend you buy some shirts and trousers at tomy and polo 
Is song OK there ? 
Very good , middle class , living quietly and peacefully 
Finally , buy a Samsonite suitcase and send it back , I suggest 
I have a bag , and I ’m not never coming back to New York again , what ’s your worry ? 
Middle class is good , stable lifestyle , happy family 
Mm , houses are n’t even as expensive as yours 
I ’m worried that you ’ll buy too much and not be able to fit it all in [ smiley ] 
So everyone ’s going to the USA to buy things now 
It ’s raining heavily today . I thought at first that woodbury was in the city , only realised later that it takes over 1 hour 
Sister , do you want to buy that thing ? Do I have to wake you up at night ? 
You shop until the evening , the last bus is at 10 o’clock , I think 
Go later , come back later 
9 o’clock in the evening , sister , it ’s 10 o’clock in the morning , you ’ve remembered it wrong , I think 
Your 10 o’clock in the evening is our 10 o’clock in the morning , is n’t it ? 
At 9 o’clock everyone ’s shutting up shop ! 
I am talking about myself coming back from woodbury to the city on the last bus 
Yes , 9 o’clock ! you understand ? 
So we were 9 o’clock in the morning as well 
I should go at the last moment ? Wo n’t people get impatient after just a few minutes ? 
Honestly , you , get there and work it out then . You do n’t have to buy things 
If you have time and the price is right , then buy , if not then forget it . There are no absolute requirements 
It ’s hotter here where we are 
I do n’t even dare to leave the house 
So come back soon 
Haha , hurry up ! 
Have you got the day off today ? 
Hehe 
No 
I ’ve just got off work 
You finish work this early 
Yes 
That ’s good 
Hehe 
Every time I ask you what you ’re doing , you ’re always at work . Haha 
Are n’t you the same ? 
Are n’t you going to work today ? 
I ’ll catch the bus to work in a while 
Mm 
Take care to stay out of the sun 
I ’ll look for that belt for you when I go out 
Mm 
What ’s the price in China , approximately ? 
I do n’t know 
I have n’t seen it 
Just buy me a large size 
What about online ? 
What ? Large ? 
But you ’re so thin 
I ’m worried it will be too short 
Haha , OK , OK 
If you wait for the shopping season there it will be much cheaper 
That ’s true 
Actually , it ’s not that much 
OK 
Hi ! 
Are you coming back soon ? 
Yes , today 
By plane 
[ Emoticon ] 
Have you been busy lately ? 
Yeah , rather busy 
How about you ? 
Um I am OK . There are some stuffs to do . Sometimes I am efficient , sometimes I have an extremely low efficiency 
(( Are you soon going to be a candidacy ? )) 
Oh , hehe 
Um , maybe next semester 
Oh , 
Hehe 
Are you just finished with the first year ? 
[ Emoticon ] I am in my second year already ! 
The second year is going to end soon 
The second year is going to end ? ! 
Faint 
Time really does fly ! 
Yep ! 
Then you should really start doing something 
Time passes so fast ! Do you still remember we had dinner at Dong Yuan before you left ? 
It 's been more than 3 years in a blink of an eye 
Um . that is how it is 
Are you going back to China over the summer holidays ? 
Not going back . I have n't gone back since I got here . I was planning to go over the summer holidays 
But due to a project 's due day , my advisor promised me that I will be able to go home over the winter break . Hopefully I will go home for the Chinese New Year 
How about you ? 
I am going back next week 
Ah ? 
Wow you are going back every year ! 
Um yeah , I go back every year 
I saw that Senior Wang Mingming . He said you passed by Chicago once when you were going back home 
That is wonderful 
But I did n't know even . You did n't even tell me .. 
It is last year , seemingly 
That was in 2011 , you did n't come to America then 
Next time if I go there , I will find you and play with you 
Oh that 's how it is .. 
Hehe , alright ! 
How long will you stay this time when you go back home ? 
Less than a month , and I will have to go to Beijing for a meeting 
Ah ! That 's wonderful 
This way will be the best 
Your advisor is so great for letting you go home every year 
Hehe 
[ emoticon ] 
It is kind of normal for international students to go back home every year , is n't it ? 
Your advisor wo n't let you guys go home ? 
[ emoticon ] Felt embarrassed to bring up going back home in the first year when I had nothing accomplished 
The second year I have been busy researching , bumping into the due day 
It is my mentality that causes trouble 
Oh 
Hehe 
As a matter of fact , my advisor is a good person 
What does your team mainly do ? 
Hoot hoot … But after these two years , I feel that I have n't done anything 
The first two years were all about classes 
Are you majoring in Mechanical Engineering or Civil Engineering ? 
Mechanical Engineering 
Oh 
My daily efficiency is so low , feel that nothing has been done , but a day has already passed 
=Are you done with classes ? 
Yep , I have two more classes . We have 13 classes in total . Next semester I will take two more , then I will be done 
How about you ? How many have you had in total ? 
I have had 17 classes in total 
I am also not taking any classes this semester 
Wow … .
That many .. 
That 's too harsh 
We are required to take =16 classes 
How about your boyfriend ? Is he still in Houston ? 
Um yes , he is still there . He wanted to transfer to here earlier , but the teacher did n't have funding , and he had to wait . He just gave up 
He is now studying at the University of Houston , working on something related to remote sensing 
O 
Do you keep in touch with Wang Mingming normally ? 
? 
Oh 
It is not so far away from you , is it ? 
Um yeah , it takes two hours to drive there 
Where are you flying from to China this time ? 
Transit in Toronto 
Oh ! That 's great 
Do you often go work out now ? 
Yes , I go often 
Nothing interesting to play with 
But when I became busy , I did n't go much 
I am about to call family 
Will not chat now 
Hehe , alright ! [ emoticon ] 
Wish you happy 
bye 
Hehe , to you , too . Live an enriched life 
Dear , can you pick me up at the airport ? I do n’t have a mobile phone . I ’m not familiar with Shanghai at all either and I do n’t have a place to stay 
Are you there ? 
I plan on picking you up at the airport when you come 
Dear , 
Be sure to stagger Thursday when you come because I have group meeting on Thursday 
When are you coming ? 
It ’s Saturday 
When you come , tell me in advance when you will get off the plane 
5:25 p.m. 
Will you be at the Hongqiao Airport or Pudong ? 
Pudong ... 
Faint 
It ’s a bit far from you 
Haha .
It ’s very far 
No problem 
I got off at Pudong when I had my second interview then 
I know how to get there 
I will take you straight to my room when the time comes 
Am I allowed to go into your room ? 
No problem 
The supervision here is not very tight 
Come in and take a look first 
My roommate ’s elder sister had stayed here directly this year 
Is senior male fellow student in Shanghai as well ? 
Yes 
Faint .
What ’s the matter ? Your flight is at 5:25 when you come back 
However , I reckon it takes more than 40 minutes to get out of the airport 
Pudong is too big .
You have to remember my mobile phone number when the time comes . If everything fails , you can borrow the mobile phone of people around you to contact me 
Contact me before you come . I ’ll tell you all these at that time 
Tell me your mobile phone number once again 
Pretty girl hello , will you be willing to be friends ? 
[ emoticon ] you are not willing to ? 
You=added me despite you were not willing to 
Shy 
Why ? Pretty girl 
Can we just be friends ? 
Um 
Let me think 
[ emoticon ] I am a very good person 
I am efficient in both brainy and brawny activities [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] And will blow bubbles with you 
And I can hold you to sleep , shake shake [ emoticon ] 
What 's up ? 
Kitty 
I am back ! 
This pretty girl , =want to make friends ? 
Look at your profile picture and it looks so cute 
I reluctantly agree 
[ emoticon ] Pretty girl , how come you like this bird that much ? 
I suddenly discovered 
My profile picture is a kitten 
Hehehe 
Hehehe 
Pretty girl why are you so dorky ? 
[ emoticon ] Why is it like this on my side 
=Sigh 
It is like this 
Kitty brush it 
Um um 
Like that bird 
It is because it looks like a dorky kitty 
oh ? 
Pretty girl , do you like cats ? 
I do like them , but I only like one of them 
[ emoticon ] This way 
Wow 
Not fun ! 
Should be a little goddess - like 
Hehe , I will go take a shower 
Like this 
Like this ? 
It is not goddess - like at all ! 
Hold onto it 
The showing off coolness type 
Do you like it ? 
[ emoticon ] the goddess type 
[ emoticon ] it 's ok 
They are all mine 
I want them all 
Hum hum 
Hoho 
I am the boss type 
Yes yes 
service the big boss 
Come and massage my legs 
Come let the old man kiss your lips 
Time to get off work 
But the rain is so heavy , and I do n’t want to leave 
That is a bit too early to get off work , dear 
It is =raining on the Dragon Boat Festival , so boring 
Rain 
Half past four 
When do you get off work ? 
I get off work at 5:30 . Such a huge gap !! 
Very soon , very soon 
I ’ll hang on for a while , haha . I ’m picking up my mom at the station 
Have you decided where to go on the Dragon Boat Festival ? 
You mom gets here today ? Such a heavy rain 
On the Dragon Boat Festival , I will either go to Hangzhou or go back to my hometown 
I ’m leaving , bye - bye . Looks like the rain is n’t goning to stop soon 
OK . [ Go | 78 ] [ go | 78 ] [ picture ] 
You have n't come here recently , what were you busy with ? 
My daughter had a high fever and rashes 
She 's still got them on her body 
She can walk out of house until totally recovered 
She ca n't be in a draught 
Oh .
How 's business recently ? 
Not too bad , it 's off season .
It 's off season for bathing , but is it peak season for swimming ? 
For taking kids to have a shower . Most parents bathe at home . Several fellow traders around [ cut the price | smash the price ] too much .
Are there fellow traders around ? 
There is one newly opened in Poly Daming Lake .
There are 2 newly opened in Lu Neng Kang Qiao .
There is one newly opened to the west of RT - Mart , Dikou Road .
[ My god | I go ] 
They all envy your good business 
They [ cut the price | smash the price ] too much , my place is 380 for ten times , it 's 170 for ten times in their places .
It 's too low 
Exactly , they sell at a loss , cut - throat competition .
It 's not good for collaborative development , this is [ ruining your business | smashing the place ] 
They pull down the standard , the ones who want to do it good ca n't do it further , at last , it 's the consumers who suffer losses .
Yes , the key point is that the service is surely not in place , they sell seconds at best quality prices which damages consumers ' psychology 
Check this out , it 's (( brilliant )) .
Section Chief Xu , what 's the name of the fitness coach ? 
Wang Ze 
Got it , thanks 
[ Picture ] Does this include all people ? Have n't I left anyone ? 
Hu Dongfang , Cui Xing 
Oh , ok 
What 's Dongfang 's title ? 
Staff will do 
=Ok 
What are you doing ? 
There is also a translator 
Secretary 
Haha , I want to accompany with Director Zhou to get the details 
What 's the translator 's name ? 
Peng Yulong 
=Ok 
Thanks , Section Chief Xu 
You are welcome 
You are ? 
Xiaoer Tian Long 
Oh … I remember .. Are you still playing ? 
j no 
I remember .. You should be about to graduate now 
What were you called back when playing that game 
My number was stolen , I looked through 10 years of messages to add you 
Daidai 
I have some recollection 
At that time you were still young [ expression ] 
Do you remember this guy 
After all it was many years ago 
Sorry to bother you 
No problem . If I 'm not remembering incorrectly you seem to be Kongcheng 
Yeah 
My memory is still not bad , ha [ expression ] 
Ha ha , there 's a prize 
[ expression ] You should have graduated 
Yeah , um , what are you doing 
In school .. I 'm also graduating soon 
College ? 
Yeah 
That ’s good 
Good ? I remember I told you . At the time I was a second year high school student . . You were a third year middle school student .
OK 
You 're older brother then 
You say you went Kongcheng .. I advised you back then [ expression ] 
Ha ha 
What do you look like now ? 
They say a girl changes when she hits eighteen [ expression ] 
Are looks so important 
Have n't you seen me in the past 
In my current recollections you are still a little girl [ expression ] 
Ha ha 
I do n't know what you are like now [ expression ] 
You will always be older brother [ expression ] 
[ expression ] How is your job ? 
Quite good 
Yeah .. Its good once it gets stable .. I also will slowly start worrying 
I just went to take a shower 
Is that okay ? 
Huihui , if you are not busy , come over and take a look for me 
You changed it again ? 
For which year ? 
Now ? 
How much shall I write for the total assets ? 
2013 ? 
(( I ’ve done the taxes till I ’m confused )) 
Did n't change it 
This figure had not been filled in previously 
For the current one 
Yeah 
Forget it 
Huihui 
Change it again 
Should be all right , probably 
(( The ratio is over four million versus over 40 million at the most , and it is =all right )) 
Okay 
But only for this statement of yours , I will =do it for you after the taxes have been filed 
Will do it for you then 
Huihui , give it to me as soon as possible 
And the audit report as well 
Is it all right to do it tomorrow ? 
Is it all right to fill in the advertisement like this ? 
Does it mean that it has nothing to do with the financial data and whatnot ? 
I must supplement it with the list of items for June , otherwise it will affect [ Kingdee Business Management software ’s | Kingdee ’s ] normal operation 
It certainly ca n’t be done today . I still have to calculate the figure before I can revise it 
It 's easy to revise it once the figure is calculated 
I will try my best , okay ? 
Tomorrow afternoon at the latest 
Oh . Do it for me first , alright ? After I fill this out , I still have to organize it and also have to go out and find a printing shop to print it .
It will take a few days to print and bind the archives into a book .
I must also pay the expenses .
Ca n't you give it to me today ? 
Can you give me a figure first then ? 
All right , give it to me tomorrow at the latest 
Okay 
Right 
But the tax is little 
According to normal calculations , for forty million you have to pay more than seven million in taxes , but we only paid over seventy thousand 
Okay 
I already told those over at Jinan , we will be consistent and follow the figure which we reported to the bank 
He agrees 
More than 40 million in sales , right ? 
Exactly 
No , there is n’t 
How much is the tax ? 
He said the taxation is too little 
He asked if we have a tax - exempt policy 
? 
We definitely do n't have that 
How could that be ? 
Apart from forging it like the way those graduation certificates were counterfeited 
I ’m all right at forging a photocopy 
But I ca n't produce the original 
Right , but if this is the case , it 's hard to say 
By the way , I forgot to say 
We need the original copy of the taxation certificate 
Neither a photocopy nor =scanned copy will do 
Can you think of a way to modify the original copy ? 
If an original copy were to be counterfeited , it can only be embossed with a fake seal ? 
What do you mean by it ’s hard to say ? 
Right 
Huihui 
Take a look 
Tax certificate 
Is it this format ? 
? 
Is Manager Chen there ? 
Has that figure been confirmed ? 
Just report it according to the bank statement ? 
Follow the sales figure on the bank statement and it will be fine 
What about taxation then ? 
What about the profits ? 
What are the requirements ? 
Profits do n't have requirements 
Just base it on the sales figure 
Then you also have to revise the statement notes once there is taxation 
Fill it out 
I ca n't give it to you today 
The audit report definitely has to be revised 
Can you give me the sales figure ? 
Output and sales figure ? 
I still have to do three sets of accounts then 
56,560,000 in 2012 
(( 46,630,000 in 2011 )) 
(( 26,860,000 in 2010 )) 
The units are all in ten thousand yuan 
You 'd better be stable and accurate this time 
I do n't want to revise the audit report again 
Okay 
Those over at Jinan said that the taxation is around 8 % 
Can the tax come out ? 
Just fill it out according to the 8 % ratio , right ? 
Good news 
We are no longer revising it 
Just follow the original one 
It passed ? 
Oh 
No , it did n’t 
I still do n't know how it went 
Anyway I have tried my best 
Yeah 
All right 
I do n’t want it anymore 
Yeah 
Happy , right ? 
Manager Chen , the guarantee data which you mentioned , the one for which you asked me to prepare the capital verification report 
Which year should I prepare ? 
It ’s for the credit union , right ? 
You do n't want it anymore ? 
Hoho 
Give me a copy of today 's courseware so I can study 
Here 
The courseware ? 
Are you there ? 
And the template 
Courseware ? PPT ? 
But there is nothing on the PPT .
Alright , let me take a look at the our position ladder 
I can give you a blank template 
And the organizational structure 
It has not gone through examination and verification yet 
What 's the matter ? 
Aunt Ma , I have a memory loss 
I forget if I have paid the engineers this year 
Have you talked to General Manager Lu ? 
That the identifications that are used for the engineering construction qualification 
Is there any money for 2013 ? 
3000 or 4000 for each 
I did n't say 
I have to check the accounts 
I forgot if I had withdrawn the money from you ? 
Okay 
Help me and check 
33000 , it is correct 
Was it wired last month ? 
Which day ? 
May 28 
Should n't be right ? 
Check which year it is for 
Is it from this year ? 
May 28 was when I was studying in Beijing 
Have I filled any forms before I left ? 
How come I do n't have any impression ? 
Aunt Ma . Liu Jing was calling to ask issues in regards to the drink money 
Have you signed the forms ? 
？ 
Print it to Section Chief Xing 
ok 
We are not in the same office 
The printer over his place is broken 
Oh , got it 
Ok 
I 'm going to send it to her 
Him 
Send it to me if there is anything you want to give to him , I will print and send it there 
Thanks , is your daughter named Ou Bao ? 
Brother Du commanded , I must do it quickly ! 
What a characteristic name 
Nickname , hehe 
Are you going to buy a car when you are here ? 
I do n't think I will buy one right after I go there … I will wait and see how 
Let 's stay together next year 
Why all of a sudden … ? 
What are you going to do then ? 
I had a chat with my schoolmates yesterday . All of them think that my I . Q is so low that I actually want to share a place with two guys 
I have no choice but to find another apartment … 
When you mentioned it back then , did n't we also express our surprise ? 
But I did n't think so much at that time … 
I feel that it 's also very weird if it is only the two of us … it 's better if you can find another girl or a guy and a girl 
I 'm intellectually retarded , anyway … 
I 've asked Feifei , he said he does n't mind if it is just the two of us 
In this way , there will be guys and girls … how good it is to have someone to cook , someone to sweep the floor , and someone to guard the door 
I find it very troublesome to find another girl whom I do not know 
I have two female schoolmates who are sharing a place and it screwed up their relationship 
You have no one else ? 
Yes … 
You know , girls think too much 
There are very few Chinese and very few girls in our department … 
All of them are sharing a place with their boyfriend or something 
If you do n't care , I 'm fine too … What happened to the person who shared the place with you last semester ? 
Left after graduation 
There was something unpleasant with that girl from last semester , her boyfriend kept staying at our place 
I actually do n't care 
I 'm just asking whether you are going to buy a car 
If you are buying a car , you will have more options when renting a place 
You can also live a bit farther away 
I do n't think I will do that right after I go there … Are you planning to ? 
Or it is ok too if you want to rent a place with someone else 
I think if we rent somewhere a bit farther , we can buy a bicycle 
I ca n't afford a luxurious car . After all , I 'm graduating soon 
I feel that there will be a lot to do right after I arrive … I 'll be quite nervous to drive when I 'm still not familiar 
I 'll drive for you 
I 'll go get a driver 's license quickly … 
A bicycle then … I may consider it after Christmas … I 've not talked to my father about this yet 
Talk over WeChat Voice 
Can you go on google map now ? 
Or let 's have a voice chat ? 
I 'm in bed 
In that case , talk over WeChat Voice 
OK 
Where are you taking [ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] to play tomorrow ? 
Maybe to grandmother 's house 
[ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] is still not fully recovered 
Oh , is that so ? Ca n't be in the wind ? 
It 's that her body still has a little red dot 
Um , take the baby out to play the day after tomorrow . Will it be better if she has a good time and lets it all out ? 
It is mainly because the rash ca n't be in the wind or sunlight 
I see . Then she ca n't go out and play . Poor baby 
How about I go and play with [ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] in the evening ? 
Ok , come on over 
Hehe~ have n't seen her in a few days , miss her 
Come on 
Come right over and eat 
I do n't know what to eat either 
Does it look =like it 's going to rain outside ? 
Ca n't see clearly over here 
Only have one window and ca n't see the sky 
.. Oh , right , ha . No need to prepare =our food . We 'll drop in if it 's not raining after we eat 
Ok 
Come earlier , ha 
Yeah~ I just called Bao Kang and asked him to come back early today 
(( That heavy rain )) 
Not used to you always being on here recently , haha 
Oh , did n't (( log off )) on the computer in the office 
How are things with you in Xinjiang ? 
Xinjiang is quite nice . There is a landscape and climate that is different than that inside the pass . It 's just far from the city , closed in on an isolated island .
Going that far to build a hydropower station ? Do they have hydropower stations there ? 
I 'm asking if there is water 
Although we graduated from University of Hydraulic and Electrical Power , we do n't necessarily build hydropower stations . What I 'm building is a thermal power station , haha .
Xinjiang also has hydropower stations 
Ah , burning coal or burning oil ? 
Is the new natural gas extraction technique of fracking shale used domestically now ? 
Burning coal 
fracking shale , I do n't know about this 
Do n't know if Wiki has been blocked domestically 
It 's using high pressure , like water and other chemicals to pressure out the natural gas in shale 
This I 've heard of 
I can get online , but do n't rely on my English , 
[ Forgot everything you learned | Gave it all back to the teacher ] 
I can use Pinyin to type out the name 
Do n't be so modest 
http://www.ecocn.org/thread-61128-1-1.html 
This has a translation 
There does seem to be shale gas development domestically 
Are domestic reserves large ? 
There is a stock that seems to be making drilling bit called [ Huanghe Xuanfeng | Huanghe Whirlwind ] 
You speculate in stocks ? 
There is even going to be a war in the South China Sea , do n't you know ? 
I know 
Is it because of shale gas ? 
This stuff has started to have an effect 
Oh , I see now 
Is it exhausting in Xinjiang ? 
How long have you been away from home ? 
It 's alright , just not convenient to go back home 
One month 
How long will you stay there ? 
Two years if everything well as planned 
Gosh , so long 
Not as long as you in the United States , haha 
I really sympathize with you 
Haha , in any case my home is here 
Yes , this is our worst thing 
Is n't this a long distance relationship for you , Such a long time is a challenge for you both 
Zhenjiang is of course a nice small city , just not staying long 
Sigh , to make a living 
The challenge is big and the pressure heavy 
It must take a few days on the road to go back home once 
No , arrive home on the same day 
That 's not bad 
Depart at noon , arrive at midnight 
Transportation is well developed domestically now . The =cost is just a bit high 
I thought it =takes a day or two of driving to get to the airport 
That was old society 
It seems your place is not really too far off the map 
It only takes about three hours from Nanjing to Beijing now by train 
There is an airport 
Domestic high - speed rail is tremendous 
The place I 'm in is over 100 kilometers from the city 
Here even less than 200 miles from Philadelphia to New York takes 2 hours 
It seems from Nanjing to Wuhan now is also just over three hours 
Driving is slow . The freeway is not as fast as the train 
Anyhow , Liu Zhijun did some practical things to benefit the people 
I 'm going to eat now 
Okay 
See you later 
Later 
The atmsophere must be good with you four there right ? 
Gao Wei is not here 
Nothing is here yet 
It was good originally 
Just because that ' old place ' 
The thing is I have given it back to him 
Nothing more , there is nothing going on among you three girls 
He has n't come back yet 
I do n't know either 
In any case I have given it back to him 
You did n't tell her about Lu Ying 's switching seats ? 
No 
Do n't switch anymore 
Then drop it 
Um .
Help me to give a heads up to Sister Xie again 
Just do n't say anything , otherwise it will cause more troubles 
Do n't say anything 
Right 
Everything was good originally 
Um . I said it .
Because of the switching seats thing , it makes everybody moody , there is even no way to work anymore 
Do n't know when will move again 
Yes . So do n't mind it 
If Wei is the person who is in charge of managing us , then we do n't have to move again 
Harmony is the most important 
Yeah , if it is not harmonious , how are we supposed to =work together ? 
Work together 
I am working on the provincial famous brand , so I need to make a fake stamp 
I will make the purchase order 
I will buy it myself 
Does that work ? 
Btw , regarding switching departments , I do have this thought . In our apartment if Wang Minghui can not do it , then I will have to have second thoughts 
That works 
You just go 
Money will go from your side 
Right 
Wang Minghui can not do it ? 
There is no candidate at the moment 
I said if 
Um that is a must 
I went to talk to Sister Xie the day before yesterday as well 
Somebody asked her how the study was , she said I was very capable 
I am very busy 
Not so capable 
He does n't study voluntarily . I have so much to deal with everyday , of course I can not do =teach - by - doing to him 
=Even though when he sees me work , I think that will leave him with some impression 
But ... 
I reported the recent situations to Sister Xie 
If she is not really sensitive to her surroundings , then you will need to =bluntly teach 
But you know sometimes =she does n't talk good sometimes 
He does n't criticize himself . It is all about what I have said , talk for other people . Whatever , what Jian Yuping says 
Is he supposed to listen to me when I said something wrong ? 
I think at least he should have his own judgement 
Then you should be happy , you are her judgment 
I hope he=has his own judgment 
He can analyze better and work with higher efficiency if he has his own judgement 
Do n't hold too high an expectation on =him 
Maybe I am being a bit demanding 
=He has n't learned anything right now . How on earth would =he have her own judgement ? ! 
=He must be doing whatever you say now 
Sigh , I hope he can memorize everything he learns every day 
When you are doing it=for the second time , do n't say stuff like what the hell that is 
Has he gained anything and made improvements now ? 
I really do n't know 
Every time when he goes out alone , I only leave one line to him : say what is necessary to say , do n't say anything if it is not necessary 
I am just afraid if he said anything wrong 
Do n't rush , observe more . See if she can work independently 
I am going to make the stamp 
=Will you be gone for long ? 
It will be fast , I will be back when I am done carving 
Oh 
Submit to China Orthopedics 
(( Changed it back already )) 
Senior fellow apprentice is sharp ! 
........ 
Domestic magazine 
For you it does n't look good 
China Orthopedics is really strong 
It is way stronger than the second class SCI 
It will be useless after graduation , ha 
How could it be .. 
I only write a little for mine , my energy is indeed limited 
Um but it is better to submit it earlier 
It would be troublesome if somebody else did something in this field 
(( Ultrasound )) Seems that there has n't been so many new articles lately 
Um senior fellow apprentice is efficient 
I am not as busy as you are 
The stuffs I work on are not as deep as what you do 
I only write a little on weekends , I normally come home at around 8 or 9 
Right 
My one is also rough and shallow 
I am always off work at 4:30 
You think it is shallow while for me it is pretty deep 
Alright hehe . I got ta work on it and finish it with effort as soon as possible 
I do n't know what to write for the discussion part 
I have read much literature lately , I discovered that I did n't modify the experiment scheme with effort . There are a lot of points that I thought through have not been written yet 
Originally I was going to read yours as a reference 
So doing experiments is easy , writing a paper is hard 
Um yes 
When I read the literature , I will have new ideas again 
Um 
So now I do n't dare to start a new experiment anymore 
I want to take a look again 
Reviewing the literature that I read from before gives me new discoveries 
Panicked 
I am doing experiments , while my boss is reading the literature . Looking for directions while reading 
Very down - to - earth 
But I am too busy , reading too little literature , my boss is way capable relatively 
Um your team over there is rather strong 
Rather professional 
On our side , we are all guerillas , field armies , you are fully responsible for what you do 
The bosses depend on this to make a living here 
There is nothing you can do about it 
I got a fund from RO1 , it is said there will be 1 million dollars 
Wow ... 
It will be distributed by 5 years 
=That is wonderful 
That is why she has been smiley all the time lately 
Haha 
How about you ? Do you still plan to come back and serve the motherland ? 
It wo n't work out if I do n't go back either 
Come back for the graduation 
Is it possible if you want to keep on staying in America ? 
The boss should want you to come back 
That way under his leadership it will be rather strong 
~~ 
I am not qualified to graduate yet . I still have to put on some effort to finish my paper 
Senior fellow apprentice let 's encourage each other 
Um it must not be a problem for you 
Buck up ! 
Is the part for medical research methodology done yet ? 
Chen Kun finally gave me some face and let me pass 
Haha 
That 's wonderful 
Otherwise it would have to delay 
It takes time for good things to happen 
You go ahead and do your business 
Um I was about to sleep actually . I slept way too much yesterday during the day . I did n't rest well last night , and today I totally crashed 
Haha Senior fellow apprentice cheer up . Wish everything goes smooth 
Thanks , let 's encourage each other 
Btw boss is buying everyone dinner today 
Happy Dragon Boat Day ! 
Today is the Dragon Boat Day ? 
Should be tomorrow 
You should use the Chinese Lunar Calendar , haha 
Hehe Happy Dragon Boat Day . Should be on Wednesday right ? 
Yes 
Alright alright 
Hi , Teacher Wang 
You 're welcome . We are very happy , too . I hope everything goes well for you all after settling down in future 
Thank you , Teacher Wang . I just got my kid to sleep 
Taking care of a child has become my main job 
It 's tough for you when Limin is not around 
She ca n't come over for quite a while 
Very little time to do experiments 
Are you on holiday today ? 
On holiday 
Getting to where we are today has been tough , we will settle down after returning to China 
No more trouble , hehe 
Our work has just gotten on track , and we will have to work harder in future 
Just go step by step , everything will naturally work out in the end , do n't be impatient 
Yes , go slow 
Just settled down 
And I can go traveling around the world now 
Good 
I 'm using the 2013 version . How come I ca n't find the message manager ? 
Found it 
Now testing the first export message record 
I clearly just chose one person . How come they were all exported ? 
Is there a Find and Replace function ? 
Do n't want to display real names 
Haha , found out you can find and replace 
You can just choose one friend 's name , then click the right mouse button and then choose export record . This way you can just export a single person 's (( message record )) 
Did you have a good =vacation ? 
Vacation 
I ’ve been very busy these last few days 
Visiting friends and family 
Every day I do n’t get home until nearly 10 o’clock 
It was only three days time , have you spent them all going from place to place ? 
Visited both sets of parents , had to stay a day with both 
Both a long way away 
That ’s tough 
Yesterday afternoon I volunteered to help look after my brother ’s 1 year and 3 month old baby 
Funnily enough I discovered that I was very out of practice 
It ’s simpler here , [ on our own | no family and no old friends ] 
I could n’t even change a diaper , I was in a muddle , very clumsy 
My husband laughed at me 
It looks like we really ca n’t have a second child 
Ha , tell him to do it 
After a long time , you forget , that ’s natural 
Baby Mingming pooped in her diaper yesterday , and when I was changing her she peed as well 
It was complete chaos 
If you want a second child then you should hurry 
You could beat me to death and I would n’t want one 
Little boys often catch you off guard 
It ’s a baby girl 
She still wo n’t drink plain water , 
It took me ages to steep some peach in water and persuade her to drink a little 
Niuniu does n’t like drinking plain water , either 
In future I ’m often going to go and help at the weekend . It ’s a long way 
It ’s not your fault for going , it ’s the child ’s =fault for being too picky 
Is n’t her mum at home ? 
They have n’t been here long , they need to go out to buy things 
They ’ve just settled in 
And they have n’t hired a nanny 
So they have things to do 
My parents are old now , as well 
My poor old dad , yesterday I hugged him all afternoon 
=He does n't recognize anybody else 
That ’s hard 
I sympathize very much 
You think about it , Tuzi has fought her way to four years old . It ’s an achievement 
I hope she gets to 18 quickly 
So that I can go on a round - the - world trip 
I imagine you are the same . No - one to help . It ’s not easy 
We get through it day by day as well 
We two will cast off our burdens at about the same time 
Day by day the time passes slowly , but when you think back it seems as though time is flying 
I ’m going to watch Niuniu for a while , he ’s still watching TV 
Looking back on the first half of my life , it really has gone too fast 
OK 
Being a parent means worry 
Are you back ? 
Yes 
Did you ask about the bag for me ? 
1075 US dollars , but they did n’t have any in stock , so no need to worry [ smiley ] 
They ’ve been bought up by Chinese people [ smiley ] 
I do n’t know about that , it would be difficult if they had one , but I took your instructions as the my highest imperative [ smiley ] 
I was saying how come you have n’t called me yet 
Next time , OK ? 
Do you know the Landmark Hotel on Qiaoguang Road ? 
Not too sure 
Hello . Have any of the brothers and sisters contacted you recently ? 
Hi . There is a female student from Guangdong .
Do n’t worry .
What ’s the matter ? 
Thank you for your concern 
Is she a sister ? 
She is from the Cantonese church 
Right 
Oh , in that case , it may be some sect .
Sect , no. The Chinese Christian Church here is divided into English church , Cantonese church , and Putonghua church 
Oh , I see .
Do you speak Cantonese ? 
I ’m Cantonese .. 
Oh , okay 
Still in the United States ? 
Yes ~ 
Haha , I 'm going back next month . Do you want me to help you take anything back ? 
Really ? ! Do you have a lot of space ? Help me take two iphones back~ 
Haha , come on , you 
What space does an iphone need ? ~ 
Or other cellphones . I want to send cellphones back to my parents 〜 
True … 
No problem . Buy them and I 'll just go to you to get them when the time comes 
I may buy some cosmetics for my mom … 
Or you buy them online and ship them to me directly 
OK ~ 
I 'm going to Philadelphia for food soon ~ very much on the way 
I - around July 7th , 8th 
Haha . I think I 'll ship them to you , tax free ~ 
It 's fine as long as you can do it before that 
Yes , kill two birds with one stone 
OK ~ in that case , I 'll quickly buy them these two days , and will tell you then 〜 
Cosmetics may take up a bit of space 
Yes , no hurry , still two more weeks to go 
Haha , in that case , you see how it goes . How big are the cosmetics you want to buy ? 
Not very big . Quite small in a bag . All the packaging can be removed ~ 
I think so too . You even find that iphone takes up space 
Let alone cosmetics , haha 
… 
I was wrong - _ - # 
In that case , take your time to buy ~ Are you still staying at the same place ? 
Yes 
But I 'm moving soon . The house is going to be demolished … 
It 's better to stay near the university town 
It 's inconvenient if it is too far 
Sister Yuanyuan , can I borrow your Polaroid for a while ? I have film . Tomorrow our fellowship is sending off a classmate who is returning to her country , so I want to take a few photos to give to her as keepsakes ... 
Oh , I already loaded my film 
You do n't have to take it out 
Ask gengzhi 
Whether she has loaded hers 
? Is n't it loaded in one piece at a time ? 
No 
The whole package goes in 
OK , I asked her 
10 pieces 
She did n't reply to me ... 
Just like a camera , it will become exposed if you take it out 
OK , I asked her 
No , waiting for her reply 
Oh 
How many photos do you want to take ? 
Probably just one , a group photo 
Why do n't I give you some money ? 
About how much is one piece of film ? 
2 yuan each 
If it 's 1 piece , you use it 
No problem , I 'll give you money , I would n't be at ease 
They 're pretty expensive actually 
Or I can treat you to a frappuccino another day , you choose 
Do n't worry 
One piece is all 
Tell me if it 's more than one 
Nothing to be uneasy about 
OK , O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O haha , thank you Sister Yuanyuan ~\(≧*≦) / ~ 
Yea 
No problem 
When we have a party you can come early to help me out , haha 
Joking 
Haha , chosen by you ... 
Not bad lately . Just got back from Shenzhen and Hong Kong 
How about you ? 
Do you have a chance to come to Hangzhou ? 
Touring or on business ? I may not go back to the country this year , so I ca n't go to Hangzhou 
Touring . Took my daughter to play at Disney 
If you get a chance , come back and play 
Working ? 
Right , just got to the office 
Yesterday Qiong planned to take her sons to Disney during summer vacation 
Now qq has the function . Can you contribute something ? 
Tell me . How can I help you ? 
You have the chance to draw a lottery 
I will send you the instruction 
It is quite easy 
Ask me if you have any problem 
In what form will it open ? 
pdf 
Have you installed it ? 
Or you tell me if yours is 2013 version ? 
Yes 
First , you build a group on your qq and put the people you want to transfer the records into the group . I will tell you what to do 
I have been looking for a long time and I have not found any proper records to upload … 
Will some meaningless records do ? 
Sure 
Hum , ok 
Whatever it is 
As long as it is a conversation 
Put it into the newly founded group 
Yes 
Then ? 
Then click the group name with the right mouse button . Is there an option called export message records 
No. Click message manager first . The little horn 
Can I export the messages of a group ? There are more messages in the group 
Find the group name and right click the group name . There will be an option called Export messages ? Then save it as a txt file .
I will ask if group messages will work first 
First you export this and try to upload 
Shuatu now issued Yuangu 3 , is that Jiazi ? 
Good good !! 
Is Jiazi expensive ? 
How much does a set cost approximately ? 
It ’s good if you do by yourself 
Hundreds of thousands would by 2 - 3 properties 
Then you wash by yourself 
I do n’t believe in my [ personality | rp ] 
Maybe you can buy very good ones with 200 
... 
Then buy some 
Not very expensive .. 
The main problem is that finished products with jewelries are a bit expensive .. 
Good~ Can I have the whole set with 50 rmb !!! 
Probably you can have one set with AB intervals with 50 RMB ..... 
OK . I am not clear about what ab stands for 
This is level A property and level B property 
OK . Can I get the weapons too ? 
What does a bare hand need ? The force is from striking ... 
Or something else= = I am getting confused 
Double power .... 
Relatively economical 
There are torment weapons in 85 
Huh ... 
Very difficult , but very powerful .. 
OK . I should show double white words for the great sword 
Then , do you have to purposely pile the blood ... 
I do n’t really understand the saint sword 
You may have a look at the strategy .. 
Anyhow , I think it is very powerful after 2 
Yep !! Especially the great white 
Yep .. 
[ Rabbit | Tutu ] , did you see Blade & Soul .. 
Huh , and you 
I want to try when the open beta is available .. 
OK , . , .
Let ’s play it after the college entrance exam - - 
Blade & Soul ? ! 
Em~ 
Just wait and see . But it is ruined badly by Tencent at this moment 
Em .. 
Manager 
I made a key for my current office 
It cost four yuan .
I ’ll submit a purchase order in arrears 
Okay 
Honey my husband will be going out to sea tomorrow . I want to go to your house to eat 
For a long term 
It was a sudden attack 
You are very much welcomed 
You are not allowed to be picky on the food 
Alright~~~ 
You will have to cook yourself if it is not delicious [ emoticon ] 
I am not pregnant again , I think it will be hard this year 
The first half of the year has n't passed yet 
My husband will be going out to sea tomorrow 
For three months 
I got my period today 
Oh~ ! 
I forgot 
Have our parents come ? 
They have 
That 's good 
I wo n't be working the day after tomorrow . Come over and eat if it is off for you 
I do n't take breaks 
Busy on Saturday and Sunday ? 
Then wait until you take a break 
OK 
!!I ’m here !! 
And then 
Talk to me 
Er 
What do you want me to say ? 
To fall in love 
Er .... you ’re crazy 
Are you home by yourself ? 
What for ? 
Right . I went swimming first . Then , I came back at 9:00 after I went grocery shopping . I ’m just reading the New York Times to build up my vocabularies 
What about you ? 
I ’m listening to a book 
Haha 
(( The two people next door )) and my roommate Rachael returned from the faraway South Africa today 
I listened to Guangguang and watched a movie 
..... 
Oh ... 
Not too bad 
How can you listen to your roommate and watch dianying ? 
South Africa , did they bring you presents ? 
I do n’t think so .. 
Er 
It seemed that I =did n’t bring them anything when I went out to play either 
I forgot .. 
I did n’t feel that there was anything I could bring either 
Okay 
Um , the world is basically all the same now 
Nonsense 
You ’re just being stubborn 
What are you watching ? 
Call me when you ’re done 
Hao Jin 
Oh ! 
Hehe , your QQ name is funny 
Oops , you are the same zodiac sign with my brother , Aquarius 
Playing cards 
Faint ... 
Poker ? 
Yes 
Have fun 
Come and play with us 
... 
I do n't have a vehicle , it is not convenient to go . Hoho , I 'd better stay home 
Will go pick you up 
Faint ... It is about time to sleep . In future if there is a chance we will play together 
Besides I am not familiar with the people who you are playing cards with 
Okay 
Sleep well 
Sister Huan , I have erythromycin ointment , do you need it ? I just saw the messages in the qq group ... 
Haha , do you have it ? 
Yes I have it 
I looked for it and found it ! 
Thank you 
Do you need me to bring it to you ? 
Do you urgently need it ? 
No , it 's not urgent 
Hehe 
Hehe , you can ask me for it any time you need to use it . Do you rub it on your ears ? 
Inflammation ? 
Yes 
Some water got into your ears during swimming 
Ah .. 
I guessed it right .. 
Erythromycin , if it works , I can bring it to you 
Which building do you live in ? 
No , thanks , I 'm in rosemary 
..... [ my god | faint ] ... hehe , fine , I will give it to Wang Shiyan tomorrow 
I will ask him to bring it to you 
Ok 
Thank you [ emoticon ] 
You are welcome [ emoticon ] . Be careful during swimming in the future 
[ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] Ok 
I am now doing something related to computers 
Wow were you majoring in Computer Science ? 
It is kind of tragical to say . I was n't majoring in that , I learned it myself later 
Wow … Then you later discovered that you liked computers ? 
Playing too much computer games huh ? 
Haha 
I wasted all my time in college , I was playing computer games all the time 、 
Faint 
Then I do n't hate it , at least it is better than working in a factory 
Materials 
Hehe besides it is a way to strengthen your IQ by playing games 
[ Emoticon ] Not as well - behaved as you are perhaps 
Faint . Haha I am not well - behaved 
A not well - behaved person is not going to be able to go to graduate school . Whats 's more , he ca n't go abroad 
What is the time now in America ? I only know the time in England 
Now is 22:54 at night 
[ Emoticon ] It is night on your side ? 
Hehe when I was in college , I only took some English tests 
You do n't have to take the professional tests for graduate schools like What China does , if you want to apply for a graduate school in America . So it was fine 
Right 
=Wow 12 hours ' time difference 
=Wow 
Um it is rather good . Then what is your future plan ? Going back to China or ? 
Have you ever sent stuffs from America to China ? 
I have sent 
Only have sent postcards 
Five years 
Yes ... 
It depends 
The students with my advisor averagely take 6 or 7 years to graduate 
The teaching methods are different in overseas and China 
.. Hehe doing a phD degree takes this much time in average 
I met an American chick who was majoring in Theology earlier , it took her 11 years to obtain a phD degree in Theology 
Besides she did her bachelor 's degree here for four years , it 's 15 years in total 
[ Emoticon ] Theology 
Hehe yeah . Here more Americans are majoring in social science majors than in science majors 
That 's how it is . Chinese people must be better in fixed mode of thinking , right ? 
Hehe it is because most Americans do n't like math and calculation 
It is mainly logic for science majors 
It is mainly imagination for arts majors 
It consumes a lot of brain cells 
Right 
Ages fast 
Haha 
A lot of people here who study for a phD degree have had grey hair 
It is not that rare to have grey hair , I have had it already 
.. 
Hehe , btw , have n't seen you in a really long while 
Ah 
Have you lived a good life in those years ? 
Ne 
Faint 
I was going to go look for you in your album , wanted to take a look 
There was none 
In my memory your skin condition was really good 
So white 
Now full of pimples in my face 
To sum it up : what ought to come will eventually come , it is a matter of time for boys to have pimples 
Haha pimples ! 
Oh ! 
Sigh , it is a tragdy either way 
Hehe I am lucky enough to have not got it 
You probably wo n't be able to recognize me if you see me 
Which city do you live in ? 
It is better for girls supposedly 
Faint , not to such an extent 
Wuhan 
Ah ? 
I lived there for four years as well 
It is tragical anyway 
What time do people sleep in American at night ? The same as China ? 
23:35 
Hehe around 12 am 
Um more or less the same with us 
[ Emoticon ] 
I am going to write something , you rest early 
I am only all along . Chat with me on QQ at any time when you need something or not 
Hehe alright alright [ emoticon ] 
Um rest well . Good night 
Are you here ? 
Dad wants to buy these two kinds of medicines 
Do you think Seretide is suitable ? e 
Is n't this used for asthma treatment ? 
Let me ask 
Because maybe it 's considered to be cardiac asthma 
These two medicines are for general use 
Ok 
Dear , are you going to America to pursue PhD ? 
=Yes , how are you doing these days ? 
Same as usual , hehe .. have you done all the procedures over there ? 
Yes , I will directly fly to America on July 9th [ expression ] 
Congratulations ! I also wish you happy everyday over there~ 
Ok , the same to you , no matter what , be happy 
Ok , keep in touch~ 
You should also [ show | solarize ] your pictures regularly , so that we can know the buidings and you over there , haha 
Ok ok , if you like 
Of course I will like it 
Hehe 
Oh , pretty good 
Congratulations 
Super women 
I just changed my route 
I 'll go to Toronto first 
Then go to America 
How blessed !!! I also will transfer in Canada . Are you going there to have a trip or study ? 
Having a trip 
I have n't seen you for a long time 
It seems that your place is not far away from Washington and New Jersey 
I was supposed to go and have a meeting 
But the company canceled it for costs controlling 
Yeah Yeah , fully welcome you to come and play with me 
Yes , you are very familiar with geographical position 
My place is the only tax - free State in America 
Will you go or not ? 
Oh oh , having a trip 
Have fun ! Canada and northeast of America are the most beautiful places in summer 
I will go to Toronto and stay for 2 days and then go to America 
Are you pursuing JD ? 
Awesome 
No , it 's orthodox PHD 
Doctor of Criminology . I will go and seek for it , I can study for a JD degree simultaneously if possible , school will pay for it 
You are awesome 
I wish I can see you if i had a chance 
You really are perseverant 
Time is so tight for me to go to =America and Toronto 
Yes , I 'm booking the ticket and hotel now 
I 've got a lot of questions to ask you 
Say it , but I 'm not sure if I can help ...... 
Priceline 's bid 
Where did you book your ticket ? 
Yes , in America , people all bit in priceline , you know it very well , very native 
But I always think that priceline is risky , and I always could not book with good price . booking . com is a good choice 
Besides , for tickets , ichinafly is very good , well , everybody says it 's good 
Read the guidelines 
Anyway , I have plenty of time 
I like priceline 
You are the expert , I have never grasped it well 
Haha 
In America people all use priceline 
I will go to =east America and I need to consult you 
That is totally no problem . I 'm so familiar with northeast , three times , three times ! All went to the northeast 
Oh 
I originally would go to =west America and east America 
My father suddenly told me 
He also wanted to go to Toronto 
I 'm now filling the Toronto visa application form with him 
I 'm also going to check the school and environment 
Get to know it first 
I have almost saved up 2 years ' working experience 
I can apply for it 
You really have planned carefully step by step 
Hehe 
For immigrants , Canada is better . It 's rough in America 
Oh oh , are you going with your father ? ? 
You have picked a good time ! 
I want to study in a good school 
I need to pay for it 
I have n't planned to immigrate 
It 's good for me to live in Shanghai 
I have a registered residence , a house and a job 
I have brought in another corrupt girl 
I feel like a master lately 
Which one ? 
The one that joined us just now 
Oh Oh 
By the way , I ’ve got something that I need to say sorry to that Ms. Wang , I need to tell her about it 
That water baby , I need to have five more … .
Is it a little too many , why not give me all that you ’ve got 
Can you give me a VIP card ? 
The soy sauce that she purchased was one bottle short somehow , I ’ve traced it back , but I wo n’t be able to make the delivery today 
It should be OK 
Yes , I need to tell her about it 
When will the water baby arrive next week ? 
I need to check when I ’ll go to the High - tech Area 
It depends on the speed of the EMS 
How many water babies in all will arrive ? 
Four will arrive , one after another , I ’ll place an order for some more 
They are all mine 
I suddenly feel that I should open an online store , I am so good at coaxing others 
Hoho , why do n’t you go (( working for Xiao )) 
LOL 
What is the online moniker of that Ms. Wang ? 
Thank you honey for helping us promoting our services 
Let me check 
( Circle | Quan Quan ) 
Do you have small packages for anti-bug balm ? 
How long do I need to wait for the large package ? 
Yes 
OK , I ’ll stop asking 
I am at a mess … .
Actually what I mean is , if the large package will take a long time , I ’ll have a small package first 
Oh , I will not jump the queue then 
OK , but people have already lined up in the group for small packages 
I hear that the one that is lining up for small packages is that Tao Zi ? 
Oh , I ’ll wait for the large package then 
Forget it , I ’ll take whatever you have 
She is way behind you in the queue 
LOL 
Sister - in - law , did my brother change his phone number ? Is he still using the 159 one ? 
He is using it ( From Wechat : http://weixin.qq.com/q ) 
He has two numbers 
Oh our sister 's colleague is going back to Shanghai , and helped bring two jars of milk powder . I mailed them home today , the number that I filled in was my brother 's 159 one 
Oh ok . That number is working . So it was you who sent it 
Um I was texting my brother today . He even asked who I was , 
Haha , he did n't save the number 
She is sleeping , I am trying to put her to sleep 
23 jin 
Already 
She has n't fallen asleep till this late ? Go ahead and keep on being busy 
Days get longer , she sleeps at 9:30 . Today she has been excited till now . I will try to put her to sleep 
Um 
Why not send it tomorrow ? Previously , I told Su tomorrow 
There 's a ballgame tonight~ 
Yeah . Okay , Teacher Li~ 
See you on the court tomorrow around seven thirty then ! 
Okay~~ 
Master ~ 
First servant - girl 
... 
It 's the royal concubine ! 
Had n't you already been promoted and come back before you left ? ! 
Anyway 
... 
You nobilities , what matter are you reporting back to me ? 
That 's very important ! 
There is n't anything ... I 'm just paying my regards to Your Majesty -- 
Oh 
I 'm just the same 
Still in good health 
I do n't know whether Your Majesty is [ thriving well | wind and water arise ] in China ~ 
Big Zhou is also here 
What does fengsheng shuiqi mean ? 
... Only two people left ? 
I heard your princess report back on Your Majesty 's amorous =deeds 
deeds 
and came especially to show my admiration ~~~ 
Have you finally lost your virginity and come to report back to me ? 
... No 
I 've disappointed Your Majesty = = 
Totally useless ! [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
What did the princess say about me ? 
... 
The princess spoke about your amorous affairs ... 
Your Majesty , your concubine is totally infatuated with Your Majesty 
Yet , Your Majesty actually treats me like that ! 
Anyway 
What amorous deeds of mine ? 
State in concrete terms 
... 7 people in 7 days ... 
Oh 
That actually did happen 
But I slept with 5 of them in one day .
So it was not too bad 
... 
Look after yourself , Your Majesty ... 
By the way , Your Majesty , your humble servant has a matter on which she seeks your advice 
What brand of contact lenses are you using ? 
Haichang 
Is n't that of lubrication fluid ? 
It can be for both , I suppose 
Is it easy to use ? 
Do you use the hard and annually disposable ones ? 
Correct 
I think they 're easy to use 
Give royal we a pair ~ 
You should refer to yourself as a servant - girl 
Bring a pair for me when you return to Imperialistic America ~ 
I 'll tell you the lens power later ~ 
Servant - girl ... 
OK 
loves you ~ 
When does Your Majesty begin your internship ? 
July 1st 
In the absence of unforeseen developments 
In the imperial capital ? 
Hmm 
The fog city 
... that 's London ! 
Your Majesty , we ca n't be inferior in terms of cultural accomplishments ~ 
There are numerous fog cities in the current day -- take a look at the East ! 
- . - 
You 've begun your internship ? 
Your Majesty 's cultural achievements are impressive ! 
Uh-huh 
I 've started it 
To work without pay , how pitiable ~ 
Where is it ? 
22walnut - a design studio 
Great ! 
Thank you for Your Majesty 's praise 
Your servant - girl will carry on with her work now ... 
Your concubine takes her humble leave ... 
OK , then 
You should say you are asking for permission to leave 
" You may take your humble leave " is what I should say 
Watch " Empresses in the Palace " carefully , and learn from that ! 
... 
Your concubine acknowledges her mistake - . - .
Dear , do you have any single men around you ? 
There is a divorced man 
Divorced one 's are not so good . I feel embarrassed to tell people 
This divorced man 's qualifications are very good 
Forget it 
Soccer =referee 
This occupation is very interesting 
Soccer referee 
Ca n't I make a typo ? 
Sure 
Government affiliated career or something ? 
Yes , at the Shanxi Sports Academy now . It 's a state run institution 
Preparing to transfer back to Jinan now . Because this occupation is relatively scarce in Shandong 
He should have also been in some colleges and universities after he came back .
Not young anymore either 
Yes . Not easy to find 
In Jinan now ? 
If it were n't for =his mother and my mother - in - law 's good relationship , I would n't poke my nose into other people 's business .
Yes . Often go out to participate in games . Go everywhere 
Drives a Mazda 6 . Runs everywhere between Shanxi and Jinan .
Oh 
When our family wants to watch games , they ask =him for tickets 
By the way , that cheongsam photo you took before , where was it taken ? 
Shangban 
Wang Fang knows where it is 
Not bad 
Wang Fang said he does n't know 
Dizzy 
The one in Kaiyuan Villa 
I took two sets at his place 
The one before was there too 
Wang Fang does n't know where Kaiyuan Villa is 
There at Ge Xiaolei 's home 
Was it a group purchase ? 
No 
A long time ago . There was no group purchase 
Does it still exist now ? 
Yes 
I have the phone number 
I 'll search on Baidu 
What size diapers does your baby use now ? 
L 
Can also wear M , they 're just a little small 
Just right then , I 'll give it to you . Jia Tongyu does n't use it anymore now . Still have half a pack 
Ok 
Does your daughter have a nickname ? 
She gets up to go pee by herself while sleeping in the middle of the night now 
Dear , how old is your daughter now ? Should have already been this way 
Shushu 
Just stopped using them .
peng ? 
Shu 
(( By divination ? )) 
Yes 
You want the diapers ? 
Yes 
Give me all the ones you do n't use 
Ok 
Open Qiaochu 's basic account 
Ok , China Construction Bank then , ha [ Note : This user is using Q + Web : http://web2.qq.com/] 
Find a China Construction Bank convenient for you and directly open the E - banking to set up payment and deduction services 
Ok 
Do they have Zhang Jie 's borrowing in Chongqing ? 
I 'll check [ Note : This user is using Q + Web : http://web2.qq.com/] 
No 
Sister Jiang Ying , do you want to look at Trinity 's audit form ? It was sent over from the accounting firm 
I saw it 
Little Sister Mei sent it over to me last Friday 
There is a revision to be done in December of this year . The additional depreciation one 
Leader still believes those are 3 companies ' accounts 
Ok , just 3 
How much money do you have over there ? Social security has been approved 
Not enough money . There 's 10,000 here 
HiTeam Science & Technology sent you 20,000 
Ok 
I will send you a copy of last month 's statements . Just let the book - keeping company continue June 's 
Ok 
Should it be President Zheng and them that sign the contract , huh ? 
Dong Liang ? 
He knows about this 
President Zheng is not clear about it 
Oh 
Sister Jiang Ying , President Dong asked me to send the scanned contract to you . You take a look at it , see if there is any problem . If there 's no problem then stamp it .
Ok 
The institute 's name was misspelled 
Shandong HiTeam Software Engineering Training Institute 
[ picture ] Do n't they write an invoice ? 
Do they pay first and then we work , here ? 
They do write an invoice . Every month while handling the accounts they bring the invoice over and we pay for it 
Make sure it 's done by us over here , ha 
Yes , I already repeatedly confirmed with them . They said it has to be done by us over here 
Um , there 's no problem then 
Yeah 
[ picture ] Do you have this money over there ? 
Yes [ Note : This user is using Q + Web : http://web2.qq.com/] 
Um 
About opening the account , Dong Liang is contacting China Construction Bank now . You can just go directly and open it after contacting them 
Ok 
Just issue the approved funds 
The money you have on hand should be enough 
To send videos do they have to be censored first ? I sent twice and they never appeared 
Yes . You do n't have to worry about it after it 's sent . You will be notified once it passes censorship 
My father told me that Tiantian was very well - behaved 
Especially obedient . Let anyone hold her 
Not like my daughter . So (( picky )) 
Haha . Tiantian has no problem letting others hold her . Just naughty now . Wo n't be still when they hold her 
A few days ago when going to the company she was well behaved . Now she 's crawling everywhere reaching for things [ emoticon ] 
Big sister , if you have time , help me export your QQ chat records 
Click this 
OK , I 've been busy these past two days , I forgot 
No problem , haha 
Actually , this is really simple 
OK 
I 'll wait to do it with you 
OK , good , then click export below export and import 
OK 
Then just save it to the desktop 
Make sure it is a txt document , then just send it to me 
Haha 
O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O thanks 
Yea , we do n't have any other way , everyone is getting their friends and family to find data TT 
Do n't worry 
Haha 
Senior Fellow Apprentice Lin , do you have the password for changing Teacher Yan 's unified identity authentication in Zhejiang University ? 
I am going through the procedures for leaving school , but the password has been changed 
I did n't do anything , and I do n't have the password , either .
Okay 
Senior Fellow Apprentice Lin , when will you be back ? 
How is life there ? 
Huang Leyi might know it before 
I will be back in December on my side , I am pretty busy with experiments 
The one he gave was wrong as well 
Um um , ask someone if Zhejiang University 's administrator can reset the password 
If none of us remembers 
It is quite troublesome to reset the password 
I need the help from Teacher Yan 
I really do n't know who changed it 
Sigh 
There should n't be anyone who had changed . Such matters , is it that you remembered wrong ? 
It should n't be 
The password that Senior Fellow Apprentice Huang gave me was what initially the website sent to Teacher Yan 
It was Huang Leyi who helped to get it at that time , I did n't take it down 
I know the password that Huang Leyi gave to me 
It 's just I ca n't login 
That I really do n't know , the last resort is to find people from Zhejiang University to reset the password 
That is rather difficult , as well 
There is no other way 
I really do n't know who was using it the last time 
It might have been Zhao Xiang 
Then you ask him how he managed to login 
He must have been asleep now 
Ask him when you have time 
Um 
I 'm back 
Let 's =just stay in Chengdu near Wuhou temple 
Hmm ... or somewhere near the central park ... 
Do you mean we should stay in a guesthouse , or in a youth hostel ? Anyway , the cost would be more or less the same 
Either would do 
A youth hostel would be a bit better , I think 
The 7 Days Inn or whatever would also do 
A guesthouse sounds somewhat safer ... But that does n't really mean very much ... Youth hostels sound great fun , but I do n't know whether they 're safe ... 
Uh-huh . Youth hostels must be like staying in people 's houses 
Where are we =staying in Chongqing ? 
And there are also shared rooms ... 
Staying by the river ? ? 
OK , , 
Have you checked whether there are any youth hostels that are a bit better than others ? 
Near which Metro station ? 
Wuhou temple ? ? 
Let 's first book =Chengdu 's 
I 'm still unclear on the layout of Chongqing ... It 's rather complex 
[ picture ] What about this one ? 
It looks like it 's quite near the Metro station 
[ picture ] This one would also do 
We could book somewhere in Chongqing close to Hongyadong 
That Xi something would do , I think 
The Yangtze River Youth hostel ? 
Uh-huh 
This one ? ? [ picture ] 
How about Dreams Travel in Chengdu ? 
Let 's first get this reserved in Chongqing ... 
Ask =whether there are any rooms left ... 
This one in Chongqing has only got ordinary single rooms left ... 
It 's a 1.3 - meter bed , additional charge of 20 for an extra person to stay in , and there is no bathroom 
How about Dreams Travel in Chengdu ? 
There are none left at Dreams Travel 
... 
In that case , let 's have a look at the one behind it 
7 Days Inn ... 
We could stay there 
In Chengdu ? 
A shared dormitory would n't do , right ? 
Right 
I do n't think it would be that great= = .. 
Would it be OK if the two of us shared a 1.3 - meter bed ? = = .. 
Have a look at this 
For three nights , it 's 540 
There is also one without a shower room at 360 for three nights 
Most of the cheap ones are gone 
This would be fine ... 
Is this website reliable ? 
It is 
Well , how about this ? ~~ 
Has it got a shower room ? 
It 's OK 
It has ! 
ok 
That one in Chongqing 
I 've booked it 
You do n't need to pay a deposit on =that website 
that 
Oh ! 
Well , write the address down 
What about the Chongqing one ? 
Oh ! 
Wo n't that tiled roof one do ? 
What 's the location like ? 
That one only has single rooms .. == 
The bed is 1.3 meters 
An additional charge of 20 for an extra person to stay 
Oh ! 
Forget about it 
We can go to one of =their branches 
There are quite a few on booking . com 
That one in Chaotianmen 
Such as ? 
What 's the Chaotianmen location like ? 
Not bad ... It 's in the city center , and it should be really close =to Hongyadong 
At least three nights for booking this one ? ? 
No. I chose three nights 
This one 
The double rooms are all like those in hotels 
This one 's in Hongyadong ... Do you want to try the one for four people ? → → 
How about the one with a tiled roof ? 
All booked 
Damn 
Reviews are very bad 
No toilet paper , and there are flies everywhere 
The tiled roof one is new , and it has n't got any reviews ... 
Hahaha 
A room for eight people ? 
In the one with a tiled roof ? 
It looks like that 's a shared room ? ? !! 
How come there are even reviews written in Dutch ? .. == 
Uh-huh 
Haha 
Is that one with a tiled roof a shared room ? 
How about the double room ? But it looks like it 's in a bad state 
Right 
The youth hostel is all shared rooms , right ? 
No 
There are both ladies ' rooms and shared rooms , which is what most of them are like 
I 'm going to book it 
You do n't have to pay =anyway 
Which one are you going to book ? 
The double room 
Hold on 
We ca n't go in a shared room 
Then let 's just book it ... I do n't think we can go there either == .. ! 
Ok 
I 'm =going to bed 
There is still a night in Chongqing on the 3rd 
At the airport then 
Stay up the whole night ? ? 
Let 's save ... 
Let 's stay up the whole night then 
OK [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
Although it 's very painful ... 
Go to sleep ... 
OK 
I have n't stayed up the whole night yet == .. 
I 'm going to do an assignment ~~ 
Hoho , are you Zhou Jielei ? 
Right 
[ emoticon ] I am Lv Chenkai , , , you classmate 
You are so famous , of course I know you 
You are famous so of course I know you 
Hoho , I am nobody 
Do n’t be modest , , , what business is Madam Zhou doing now ? 
The publishing industry 
Look , you are already a boss 
WOW ! So you are a great editor , , , , 
I am just a blind and failed entrepreneur 
LOL , so traumatic you are 
You are working for yourself anyway , but we are working for others . You are on a higher grade 
[ emoticon ] =OK =OK 
How do you know that , , , are you following me stealthily ? 
Do I need to be stealthy to follow you ? 
You are so remarkable with the address of you Taobao shop as your signature 
[ emoticon ] LOL , , Taobao is just my hobby , , , I have n’t really put much effort into it 
WOW , so you have some other business that is more than a hobby … 
Hoho , , , I am going garment wholesaling , , then it occurred to me to open a shop on Taobao 
Where is your wholesale business ? 
In Hangzhou 
Very nice , green all the year around 
Yes right , , , business is not good , , 
Do you have your own store ? 
Yes , , , I do , , , 
So you are indeed a big boss 
[ emoticon ] So much fun 
Right , hoho 
What is the address of your store , I ’ll pay you a visit when I ’m free 
Hoho , , , I remember your appearance in junior high school , , , now I do n’t know how you look like 
Shi Kong Gui Dao , at 4 - 003 Yifa Clothing Mall 
Are you partner with others or doing this alone ? 
With my elder sister 
Oh 
Hey , , how do you look like now , show me 
How can I be except for becoming older ? 
Where are you Bin ? 
I learned it 
Oh I thought you learned it from the Women Children Action Center as well 
Hehe 
You are that type who 's on the spur of the moment , you are not going to carry on 
No , actually she just likes to group dance , she is not interested in basic skills , and it annoys her very much 
It is us who preaches that we hope she can hold on straight to the end when she does something 
It is just my daughter is quite obedient , so she does things according to what we say . Your daughter is such a character 
It is actually good this way , individual characterization 
Can achieve big goals 
It seems that there are a lot of reasons for why men are lazy , I think all men are lazy 
Is it so ? 
I did n't go today . My daughter has graduated from kindergarten , and she needed a photo of an inch . I went to fetch the photo for her at noon 
But her birthday is small , she ca n't go to elementary school yet . We are planning to send her to a joint class for a year .
There is no such a class near Wang Guan Zhuang . I am having a headache right now , I do n't know where to go 
What 's the date of your daughter 's birthday ? 
Oh right 
You might as well put her in a joint class , it will be ok 
Right , help me to ask 
How have you been lately ? Busy ? 
Sigh , so pathetic , busy everyday 
When were you being relocated ? 
Oh 
Are n't you working over time at home ? 
It happens quite often 
Then it might be too tiring for you , and you have to take care of the kids , while being busy with work 
I am in Huaiyin 
Tell me about it , otherwise why we are aging so fast 
There are too many people , ca n't register 
Will not register next semester 
Because I see she does n't have much interests 
Zhuoran should study quite well 
Sigh , I am just indulge him too much 
Individualism , = undisciplined doctrine 
It gives headache when he gets naughty 
To sum it up , he is the same as his dad , which can be described with one word : lazy 
My kid is just the same with his dad , in personality , temper , hobby , and eating are all the same , even the laziness is the same 
Um 
You came back from taking a walk this noon ? 
Oh graduated first , how fast 
The situation of us tomorrow will be the same as yours 
13 October 
Let me ask if there is anybody who knows 
Yeah 
Busy to death 
I am dying 
I want my daughter to have photographs shot in Zhangqiu Lavender Garden , I am contacting . Will you be interested after I contact them ? 
I thought the Personnel Bureau was some department that would have a light workload .
How is it ? Pretty ? There ? 
Sigh , work over time all the time 
Not going to shoot , I went there last year , had to go back to Zhangqiu . For me it is too much . I am now too lazy to move 
I saw the photographs taken in the background of flowers , too beautiful 
Now it is officially the blooming time , it is ok 
It has been two years 
It is ok , it is not considered too big 
Looks good in the pictures 
Um , right 
I got up at 5 in the morning to do this , but the mouse at home was broken . I have n't had any free time till now since I came to the work unit 
I got up at 5 in the morning to do this , but the mouse at home was broken . I have n't had any free time till now since I came to the work unit 
Ok 
[ Overfull meetings and documents | a mountain of paper work and a sea of meetings ] 
It is the same everywhere 
Let 's stop at here , I will go attend a meeting .
Chinese characteristics 
Our work unit keeps having meetings nowadays 
Writing what I have learned from work 
Very frustrated 
I can not work a normal schedule 
Is it right ? Like attending meetings and writing what you have learned [ emoticon ] 
We have new leaders now 
New leader 's business 
And writing what you have learned , makes it look like we are elementary school students 
Ah ? 
Too childish 
Too behaviorism 
Um 
It has to be hand written as well 
What degree does the leader hold ? 
Sigh , there is no other way 
Jesus , how come his way of thinking lags behind the times so much as a graduate degree holder ? 
Graduate supposedly 
Oh now I understand 
People in the army do this , and they had brought this to society 
From the army 
[ emoticon ] Go ahead and attend your meeting , chat later when you are free 
Um 
bye 
I am going 
bye 
When did you take this photo ? 
Looks like nothing has been changed 
Still look so young 
Last year 
All getting old 
Haha , no way 
Unlike you men , still look like a flower 
Have n't seen you in 10 years , I feel that you are still the same 
Where are you now ? 
That works 
I have n't left ever since 
Where did you buy your house ? 
Have n't bought any yet , I have no money 
There are not so many people in Wuhan , are there ? 
I do n't know , either 
I know Gong Huojun is there 
That I know of , too 
They got married in Wuhan 
Have n't I hear that you bought in DongXiHu ? 
And Jiang Liang 
No , we are just here 
Where ? 
The prices for houses in Shanghai has gone up like crazy 
Live in DongXiHu 
Yeah , there is =big pressure 
How many thousand did you buy with ? 
Some of them reached 30 thousand 
No way to afford 
Yeah 
What are you doing for a living now ? 
Going to work 
It is just like that 
In Wuhan ? 
Did n't do architectural decoration ? 
In Nanning 
What do you do then ? 
Oh , did n't you have dinner with Xiao Song in Xiuyu ? I thought you were in Wuhan 
It is still within the decoration industry 
Just came to Nanning 
Went back not long ago when it was on festival 
Now have changed profession 
Oh is n't everything torn down on your side ? 
Hehe , the surroundings are all torn down 
(( It has n't happened to us there yet , nails )) 
I am an accountant now 
Haha , which one of you is so bossy ? 
There is a lot of pressure in this field .
It is ok , in Southern Airlines 
That 's good , the pay is ok .
Um , it is not bad 
It is relatively relaxing 
Right , I would go to such a good work unit , if there was one 
Just contract worker 
It will be different if you are a regular worker 
Huge difference 
Now is n't it the same ? 
Is n't the pay the same ? 
It is different 
There is a big differences between the pay 
You female schoolmates are contacting each other =quite actively 
One a couple of us 
There is no classmates reunion 
Right , ca n't get in touch with a lot of them 
Ask Lao Jiang , say= it is rare for us to get together now 
Rarely 
Lao Jiang contacts me quite often 
Does he run a company now ? 
= Yes 
However lives in a miserable life 
What 's up ? 
There wo n't be any incomes in the early stage 
... 
Are you here ? 
Wow 
We have n't chatted through qq for 4 months 
Could you borrow me your skateboard tomorrow ? 
I want to learn 
Where did you put it ? 
[ Damn | I sun ] , it 's borrowed to A San 
Haha 
It 's not your lucky day 
Hello , =Baby ~ 
How has your work been recently ? ~ 
goddess ! 
How come you 're thinking of me ? ~ 
How come people are all fond of calling me " goddess " recently ? ... 
We have n't been in contact for ages , let me show you a bit of concern 
I 'm really touched ! 
Is your internship enjoyable ? 
OK , I think ~ 
It 's not tiring , is n't it ? 
Hardly 
and I get off work very early . Once I get home , I just play some ball games or whatever . It 's really great ~ 
How about =you ? ~ 
I 'll have a shower first and then chat with you 
... 
Some girl is coming over shortly 
... 
Quickly go and do it 
My work was really boring , and I handed in my resignation . I 've returned to Pittsburgh and found a professor to do RESEARCH 
... 
Information overload 
Take it easy 
You 're planning to do a phd ? 
Hmm , maybe 
I think for work and whatever , do you still need to study in university ? A senior high school education is enough 
... 
It was a case of information overload 
I think a Master 's degree is really problematic 
Not high enough for a good job , but not low enough to take an inferior one 
Anyway , I 've resigned , hehe , let 's not talk about it 
Hmm 
Well , is the phd you 're doing still about cars ? 
No 
Did you change your major ? 
My study focus should have nothing to do with cars 
Then you 're not going back over the summer vacation ? 
What would I go back for ? 
... 
To have fun - - 
I do n't think I 'll go back 
Are you at work ? 
Yes 
I 'm on my lunchtime break 
What time in the afternoon do you start work ? 
There actually is n't a set time 
You just start when you feel it 's about the time 
What time do you finish work ? 
3 o'clock 
Haha 
We 're very casual here ~ 
in a studio 
So you must be in Pittsburgh now ? 
I think I 'll go over on holiday at the beginning of July 
Then I can see everyone ! Hahaha 
The goddess is about to arrive , and all of a sudden , my [ heart is throbbing | a fawn is running around ] ! 
... get lost ! 
It 's half past 1 and you 're still on your break , and you get off work at 3 o'clock ... 
The pace of tending the sheep ! 
Not really ! 
What it is is that when everything is more or less done , you can go 
Is Philadelphia interesting ? 
No 
... 
I have n't seen you for ages ! 
Are you =missing me ? 
missing 
You 're not a boiled dumpling , are you ? 
... 
I 'm actually a sweet rice dumpling 
Are you that round ? 
... 
I 've been OK recently= = 
Have you recently been playing ball games ? 
Turn on video , so I can judge for myself 
Yes , I play every day 
I 'm in the office 
I ca n't do a video chat 
You 're an idiot 
I 'm just about to go over to your place , do n't be impatient 
... 
What are you talking about ? 
When you get home this evening , let 's do a video chat 
What do you mean ? 
Today is the weekend , and weekend evenings are meant for fun ! 
I do n't have any free time at the weekend , hahaha 
Goddesses remain out of reach ! 
Where do you go in the evenings to be HAPPY ? 
I play card game 80 points with my classmates 
I went to six flag , an amusement park , last week , and had a good time 
No time even for a video chat , how =sad ... 
On occasion recently I have n't even had time to have a video chat with my man ... 
What are you damn sad about ? I 'm even about to go there . Is n't it good to see someone in the flesh ! ? 
I feel balanced in a trice 
... 
Work hard ! Come on ! 
Yes ! 
Let 's start ! 
Beautiful girl 
Goddess 
What 's up ? 
The goddess is very busy 
You 're taking so long having a shower . Does it take from morning till the middle of the night ? 
What ? 
Have you got back home ? 
? 
In such a high spirit , OK , then 
Do n't forget to get the dorm key from Brother Gang 
Brother Gang is not leaving 
OK 
Ask one for Brother Zhang ? 
Is it fine for the three of us to share one ? 
I do n't feel comfortable to ask Brother Zhang for it 
I 'll go 
Brother Gao is not around . Otherwise , I would ask Brother Gao for it 
Why do n't we change the lock cylinder of our dorm ? Change to an ordinary one 
In that case , everyone can get a key 
It 's not expensive , either . It is just whether Little Brother Zhang allows us to change it 
He finds ordinary lock cylinders unsafe 
Actually , there are not many valuable things in our dorm 
I do n't dare to say that 
OK 
Definitely get a scolding 
OK 
Screw him 
You go 
We two do n't have the key 
He has a self - created one 
It has been inconvenient like this 
It 's hemorrhoid 
Not self - created 
OK 
OK 
I 'll sound him out some day 
OK 
OK 
I do n't care 
I 'm fine with anything 
I basically stay here every week 
I care , haha 
Is it ! 
OK , I have to try it 
Good luck to you ! 
OK 
How have you been recently ? I have n't heard from you for ages . Are you busy at the end of the month ? I 'm coming to Shanghai for a few days , and if you have some free time we can have a meal together 
Hello . QQ just froze my computer . I have just rebooted 
What date will you arrive ? I should have some time . However busy I am , I still have to welcome our Hong Kong and Macau compatriot . Do n't you agree ? ~~ 
Is n't what I want is just to see you ? 
[ emoticon ] I feel the same way as you ~ 
What date will you arrive ? 
How about the afternoon or the evening of the 30th ? 
I 'm arriving on the 28th , and I have work to do the whole day on the 29th and on the morning of the 30th 
It 's a business trip , which saves me the traveling expenses 
OK . In that case , I 'll see you on the 30th . Does Ailing know about it ? 
She knows I miss you , haha 
She said she 's going to Nanjing on the 29th for her father - in - law 's birthday , and any other time would be OK .
I notice that the 29th is a Saturday , and you guys even have to work on Saturdays , capitalism really does exploit people ! 
The 30th is even a Sunday 
Dear , dear 
So I console myself by making money on the business trip expenses 
Can you make it on the 30th ? 
This time , I wo n't call on that classmate of mine who is too tied up with her family , : ) 
I can 
I 'll arrange another time to get together with her . We can focus on our get - together 
Haha , OK . I think that comrade will be upset ~ 
Arrange another time ? 
Ailing wo n't be there on the 30th ? 
The only reason I arranged to meet her was that I thought at first that she knew Ailing quite well and that they also had many social experiences they could share . I had n't thought about it being hard for her to get away from her family ... 
No , I was asking you whether you could make it on the 30th 
Haha , I misunderstood ~ 
You could call on classmate Kun Peng , as your family is different and we all know each other , no one is a stranger . Haha 
I thought you were telling me that I was not allowed to bring along my family , and that 's why I just said Song would be upset ~ 
Never mind . We girls are having a get - together , and so we 'll just let him be upset 
At long last , we can get together on our own 
No , I thought that last time we got together , the husband and child of that classmate of mine got in the way to an extent , and afterwards she also said to me she had n't expected her child not to stay with her husband and to remain with her the whole time 
The main thing was that we did n't know her husband . Her child was OK 
Hmm . When we meet up , it will have quite a school atmosphere , with nostalgic thoughts of the past and whatever . Her husband is too mature 
So shall we tentatively make it for the afternoon of the 30th ? I 'll ask Ailing again and see when she 's coming back from Nanjing .
OK ! 
How is your body getting ready ? 
Have you had any good news ? 
I went to Yunnan this month , and it 's been a bit delayed , and my ovulation period is not these days , and I do n't know whether I would have to wait until next month [ emoticon ] 
Do n't worry . Go out , take your mind off it , and relax , as it 's also very important to be in a good frame of mind 
Hmm , yes , the main thing is that I think that once I have a child I will be tied down , and I wo n't be able to go away on holiday for several years , and so I 'm going on holiday before I have a baby 
[ That 's right | 9494 ] 
But it depends on the person , as Ailing has carried on going to Hong Kong and Tibet 
You can get away only when you have people who can look after your kid ~ I do n't know what it 'll be like in the future , and I am getting prepared first ~ 
I do n't know either . It will definitely be a bad thing to live with old folks on a long - term basis 
I could n't get online just now . The Internet is not very good around here 
Hmm , have you moved into your new home ? Are you enjoying yourself living there ? 
I just popped out as I had something to do too 
We moved in , and we get on well . You can also ask Ailing for confirmation of what exactly it 's been like living here , as she 's stayed for two nights 
There have been warts growing on my feet for two or three years , and after I moved in for a month or two , they totally cleared up by themselves .
It must be a perfect home from the point of view of feng shui 
I never knew there were things growing on your feet . I 've got a secret recipe 
If they grow back again , drink pearl barley boiled in water for a week , and they should drop off completely 
Really ? I thought of drinking pearl barley water to get rid of water retention , but I have never had the time to try it out 
In December last year , I got a prescription of liquid medicine from a doctor trained in Western medicine , who said it would cause them to rot off completely , and who could know that while warts did n't rot , a circle of good flesh next to it would go putrid , and I was crippled for a couple of weeks ? 
Yes , very effective . If it 's not convenient , you could also eat raw bitter melon . That 's also effective 
Eh , you suffered in vain 
There are no buildings in front of and to the right of my home , just mountains , and it is windy in Hong Kong , and the wind blows as soon as we open the window at home . Compared with where we used to live , the air is much better 
Yes . It 's a good thing I did n't pay any further attention to the doctor 's instructions to go and have a laser removal operation 
Even if you take medicine , you can not take medicine in liquid form . You can use that sort of " corn plaster " thing , and stick it on , and in fact it 's also salicylic acid , but you can get it out by the roots without damaging the surrounding skin 
I 'd welcome you guys to come and stay in a perfect home from the point of view of feng shui , haha 
OK . When I have some spare time , I 'll definitely go and stay there for a while ~~ 
I was actually thinking of giving you and Ailing a surprise attack in May 
The doctor warned me not to let that liquid medicine of mine come into contact with the good skin . I was probably a little too impatient , and damaged the good area .
What kind of surprise attack ? Emerging with a big belly ? 
But Song 's itinerary changed later , and as a result he went to Guangzhou and Shenzhen on his own , so I did n't go 
Liquid medicine is not good . The medicine is ineffective , the main thing is that it is actually not easy to control . The sort you stick on is better 
Hey , either you go to Guangzhou or Shenzhen , I can go and meet you there .
Fortunately , they got better on their own .
Actually , if we did go , we would go straight to Hong Kong to meet you . There were some changes to his schedule later on , and his classmate was also getting married at the weekend , and it meant that we only had one day , so we did n't go 
I also said to him that , fortunately , I 'm not in the habit of announcing things in advance , or else you would have got excited for nothing 
Haha , yes , for sure .
He had urged me at the time to call Teacher Shen first , and fortunately I had n't called him , otherwise he would have been cheated by me once again , hehe . Last time , when he was waiting and waiting , I did n't move a muscle 
It turned out that your relationship with that Teacher Shen of yours was so strong 
Even if I called Teacher Yang , he would even listen .
Not really ! Teacher Shen has a really mild personality , and I 'm the sort of person who tends to be [ impudent | step on the nose to go up the face ] [ emoticon ] . I say whatever pops into my mind , and do n't take the blame for it when it is done 
In that case , in comparison with your lack of responsibility in the way you treat Teacher Shen , you are really great to me ... 
[ emoticon ] You really do understand ~ 
I 've learned a lesson from Teacher Shen 
I should thank an old friend for not lying to me 
I 'm getting ready to go out , as I have a meeting this afternoon , and I 'm playing host .
[ Bye - bye | 888 ] 
OK , [ bye - bye | 88 ] . Be careful of the heat 
[ You too | u 2 ] [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
The years of [ youth | green scallion ] 
Chowhound 
Requesting video 
There seems to also be a totally drunk one 
This is n't the name I picked 
Is it very boring ? 
Very much like you .
Very cute 
Ha , okay 
But ca n't tell you 're drunk 
I was drunk . Why would I swing my feet for nothing ? 
I often swing . Lying on my stomach like this is very natural 
Um , okay 
What other fun videos are there ? 
No more . Ca n't find them 
Pah 
Hahaha . Have you been found out ? 
What ? 
Maybe it 's not quite keeping up with the rhythm 
This is a modal particle 
Not a verb 
Do you not mean you do n't believe it ? 
Yes 
I do n't believe it 
Right 
Come on 
Hope the storm becomes more violent 
I do n’t 
Not interested 
.
... Do you want to sleep ? 
No. Video 
Oh 
One more cheers 
.
He has a tendency to improve , right ? 
right ? 
What ? 
Mental state 
~~~ 
right ? 
So pitiful 
Was very angry last night 
Did n't you get angry before ? 
Yesterday that was furious 
Shared your many years of divorce experience with him 
... 
Did that woman have a reaction when she saw him on the spot ? 
I do n't know 
Sigh , buy some more alcohol for =backup 
I 'm leaving next Tuesday 
What did they say about the Fushuai bunch ? 
Nothing happening 
You actually have to go find your man ! 
Holy crap 
You casually said you wanted to break up before that 
Me ? ? 
Or Dr. Tang ? 
Fushuai and Little Cui 
Oh 
Oh no , these private issues 
Shit 
Irrational , do n't you know 
Irrational ? 
Your Chinese is bad ! 
... 
There are some communication barriers 
how . about english 
ok 
roll you know ? 
Does n't that mean to get lost ? 
wish you , xiawa and your adam a wonderful life ! 
...... 
Surprisingly , I understood 
That 's not being irrational either , okay ? 
Right ! Typo 
.
sorry i usually spkeak english 
Spkeak 
Do you live close to your Adam ? 
Pretty good it seems 
[ Birds of a feather flock together | Similar things come together ] 
Where are you now ? 
In the U . S ? 
I am in Wuhan 
Are you coming back ? 
What are you plans after graduation ? 
Will you be working abroad or coming back home ? 
Hehe sorry , I was out in the morning then . Now I just logged in 
Hehe in the end I still want to go back home 
But I do want to accelerate some work experience here after I graduate 
Are you here ? I have a question to ask [ emoticon ] 
Speak please 
Hehe , it 's about " Zhejiang University 's funding for doctoral students to carry out international exchange and cooperative research " 
Ok 
Does this application only can be applied for half a year ? 
It can be applied for one year , but there is only half year 's money 
There is only half year 's money even if I want to extend it ? 
Correct 
Article Seven says , the sending date is within the application year . The sending period is normally 6 months .
It can be applied to extend the period of studying abroad because of research need , the extension period is not more than 6 months .
The sent personnel who want to apply an extension of the period of studying abroad should propose the application 2 months before the studying period is over , related procedure also needs to be done .
Actual number of selected person is determined according to annual application situation .
You expect one year for this , so you can just apply for one year directly 
Then there will be no procedure for an extension in the midway 
But there is only can be half year 's money 
Ok [ emoticon ] 
Will your boss help you with the other half year 's money ? 
Yes~~it 's pretty depressed 
It 's estimated to be 5 - 6w for half a year 
Oh , I really dare not to talk to my boss about it 
It feels a bit much 
Which city are you preparing to go ? 
If you do n't shop too much , consumption is not high 
University of Pittsburgh 
It seems in the same State as University of Pennsylvania 
Second tier city in the east , you cook by yourself , 
200 will be good for eating and drinking 
This little ? How about rent then ? 
I need to ask about the rent for you , normally it 's around 500 
Anyway , 1000 will definitely solve your problem 
So , do n't worry about it 
How much subvention can you get every month ? 
Just apply for it 
Well , I will try first 
Totally it 's 9600 dollars , the domestic boss paid some , 
Is 9600 given by the school ? 
You should compete for the quota first , 
Well , ok 
The money is enough for living in Pennsylvania 
Well , ok 
Thanks 
When are you leaving for the US ? Have you booked the ticket ? 
Yes [ emoticon ] 
I am flying to the US from Beijing in the night of July 8th 
Hoho , such a coincidence 
I will be at the Beijing Airport on the 8th 
Oh , really ? Are you back to visit your family ? 
Yes , I am returning to my home country for vacation 
You will arrive at Beijing on the 8th ? 
What ’s the time ? 
The flight starts on the 7th . I guess I ’ll arrive on the 8th 
What is the Beijing time for your arrival ? 
I was wrong . I will arrive at a quarter past five on the 7th 
Oh , I see … .
I had thought we could meet 
Now I guess it wo n’t do 
Oh , will you stay in Beijing all the time ? 
Nana 
I have moved to a new house 
o ( ∩ _ ∩ ) o 
Is the new house good ? 
Very good . It 's twenty square meters . It is in Olympic Garden . The community environment is also very good 
Wow .... 
Just the transportation is not very convenient , there are so many people 
Oh ! It is Beijing , certainly there are lots of people everywhere 
You see my signature 
I have seen it ... 
At the early peak period the bus door ca n't be shut and there are still people rush into it 
God ... 
So scary 
I prepare to get familiar with the route this weekend 
Quite good . New house , new start 
Next week I will start to ride to work 
Oh , last week I gave a lesson to the staff of our department 
I was so scared 
My face went red , I spoke with trembles 
Wow 
Hehe 
Very good 
Were the listeners all older than you !! 
I had prepared for quite a long time , yes 
They were all my seniors 
I spoke of bronchiectasia 
So professional .. 
In the workplace people still need to constantly learn 
Stressful . Almost every once in a while there is an exam 
Wow .. 
So nice 1 
We got used to be lazy at school ... 
You are a top student . We are now more and more far . I do n't envy you 
I 'm happy for you 
[ Come on | Dizzy ] 
Everywhere is not top ... I feel I am very poor 
I always research , always come across a lot of problems , and then I ca n't solve them in time , I will be very depressed 
The height you stand is different 
Our works are some technical though , part of ordinary people can finish them after training 
But your situation is different , they are all high - end technology 
Oh , no , I 'm telling you the truth , I think actually the works we do are also quite similar , 
It is not difficult . It just needs time . Hehe . [ Difference in profession makes one feel worlds apart . | Different industries likes to be isolated with hills . ] 
Do you have roommates ? 
No 
I want to live alone . To live quitely 
Last time Zhang Tong helped me move house . We were busy for two days 
Who is Zhang Tong / 
? 
College classmate , northeastern 
Very straightforward , just too fond of playing games 
Still waiting for employment at home 
Hehe 
He is a real man 
He is willing to [ help friends at the loss of his life help | be stabbed in both sides of the chest ] 
My rent is 800 a month . I think it is ok , it is counted as cheap . On the tricyclic road , this house is at least 1800 to 2000 
My colleagues jointly rent a three - bedroom house on the tricyclic road . It is 5400 . 1800 per person . I think it is too expensive . I kind of ca n't afford to rent .
My god 
So expensive ... 
In Beijing it is like this . Renting house and having meals . The thrifty people need to spend =half the salary . Thriftless people will have no salary , they ca n't save money 
Tell you a good news 
I squared the thirty thousand loan from Bank of China in a lump sum . Thanks for your help 
Wow , very good ! Mine is nothing at all 
If I did n't pay it back , it will count the interest of next year again in July . It is 2000+ again 
So I determined to pay it back at first . It is also helpful to my loan to buy a house later 
Yes ! 
The latitude of Chicago is high . Is the weather pleasant ? Beijing is hot to death 
No. It is also very hot if the weather here heats up ! 
Today it had heavy rain without rhyme or reason 
Fierce wind 
I was riding outside at that time 
Especially unfortunate 
Do n't catch a cold 
Ok , hehe 
I caugth a cold at the end of last year and was sick for a week 
Ah ... 
Caugth a cold . Very painful 
You should also take good care of yourself 1 
Set your heart at rest . I particularly cherish my body 
I ca n't let this become the burden of my children in the future 
Haha 
Someone I do n't know wants to buy Amway Artistry skincare products . I want to pick up this business . What do you think ? 
Huh ? In that case , I think they have to be mailed to Philadelphia … 
There will be 8 % tax … 
No problem . I will , of course , charge a small margin 
okay 
As long as it 's profitable 
I 'm asking for now 
Is that someone you do n't know in China 
or here ? 
In Philadelphia . Someone I do n't know . He / she posted in the mailing list 
" Sorry to bother all of you . As asked in the title , may I know where in Philadelphia or nearby can I buy Amway Artistry skincare products ? " 
Wow ! 
So cool ! 
I replied with an email swiftly … 
You 're good ! 
In this case 
I 'll let you have this business ~ 
I 'll give you a low price , and you decide the margin ~~~~ 
I 'm not ruthless enough [ emoticon ] 
How many will that person =buy ? 
Is there a price list or whatever if you make that purchase ? 
There is actually none 
I do n't know . That is the email she sent . Guess she will think it is a scam when she receives it … 
Ask how many she will =buy 
I even gave her my school email address 
Tell her you have a friend selling 
It 's like this , the retail price is shown on Amway 's website 
But if one logs in with my account , it is the ibo price 
" They can be purchased online . I have a friend who is a member . Online prices are cheaper . Some may be much cheaper . If you are not in a rush , please contact me . You can reply to this email or my school mailbox yijiang@seas . upenn . edu with the products you want or the =links . They will be purchased from the official website . Please rest assured ~ " 
I 've replied 
There is a difference between these two prices 
No problem , she does n't know the price difference 
I buy for myself , so I always use the ibo price . There is usually a 20 % discount , I think 
Or they can also be purchased at retail price , and we can split the extra money , haha 
That 's why I ask you whether there will be a price list when it is mailed here after you have made the =purchase 
If there is a price list , what is written will definitely be the real prices at which you buy 
I 'll uncheck the price list option 
Oh , it wo n't 
It 's still the retail price on the price list 
The money is a rebate , which will be credited to the Amway card 
In that case , do n't uncheck it . It looks cooler with a price list ! 
OK ! 
But if he buys a small quantity , there will be a shipping charge 
You have to tell her about this … 
Wait , it 's confusing , wait for my call~ 
If she buys a lot , we will waive the shipping charge for her ~ 
ok 
It 's so weary working on a Monday … 
What 's keeping you busy ? 
Sleepy 
… 
Did you gain anything from the meeting ? 
Nothing 
They talked about nothing but design , and I do n't understand a single thing - - 
=What design ? 
What 
Horticulture stuff 
… that 's boring 
The main thing is , I do n't understand 
You can learn it on your own 
Look around on the Internet 
No equipment … 
Because it 's a mac software … 
I 've learned it in the office , but I ca n't hog the office computer every day … 
… Do you even need software for self - learning ? 
Design software … 
I see 
I 'm =dying to go home for summer vacation … 
I 'll just go back to China at the end of July ! 
That 's good 
How 's your research work ? 
I 'm doing it now . Asking my seniors 
I may go for phd 
I understand what it means by forcing young girls of good families to prostitute themselves 
now 
Yes , phd is also very good 
What ? 
I really do n't want to work now … 
Mainly , I feel that having a Master 's is rather awkward 
It makes one not good enough for a higher post but unwilling to take a lower one 
Haha 
It depends on how you see it 
I 'm studying engineering 
Hard skills are very important 
One can learn all the soft skills after muddling through society for two years 
It depends on your future aspirations 
I feel that PhD really does not suit me … 
I should just be a housewife , hahaha 
You 're not studying engineering , so do n't give yourself so much stress 
Women live longer than men 
… 
You want to go into this line in future ? Engineering 
Platform 
Those with a doctorate have a high platform 
I want to be taken seriously 
I see 
… 
You just want to be the center of =public attention = = 
Really 
Come to think of it , of so many people 
What do you mean by so many people ? 
Why should the opportunity be given to you ? 
Oh 
At the end of the day , it is all about opportunity 
Yes , it is 
We have to fight for it ~ 
It is said that one relies on connections in China and everything else is false 
I feel that I ca n't make it ~ anyway , I 'm fine as long as I 'm happy ~ 
That 's good 
Happiness is going farther and farther away from me . I was happiest when I was young 
Why did you get so serious all of a sudden … ? 
What hit you recently ? 
Nothing . What are you joking about ? 
… 
Then , why did you suddenly … ? 
Asshole ! 
What good food did you have at noon ? 
What ? 
Not yet , I 'm working on something 
I 'm asking you 
I have not eaten yet 
I 'll just grab something to eat 
=How about you ? 
I will eat a little something … 
You 're a white collar worker , too ~ 
White your ass 
I 'm obviously slave labor … 
Are you sitting in an office enjoying the air - conditioning ? 
Most of the time , yes . But I went to move bricks two days ago , move bricks , literally 
I also moved bricks , literally , when I was an intern 
I 'm unpaid ! 
I did n't get any money , either 
Hehe 
Thinking of going home ? 
Yes , I do n't even have time to video - chat with my parents after starting work 
I miss them … 
And there 's yummy food to eat when I go back to China … boohoohoo 
You 're obviously fooling around outside 
Yet you have the cheek to say this 
No , I 'm not … I waited at home for my parents to video - chat with me this weekend 
It turned out that they went back to their hometown 
How [ sweet | a considerate little padded coat ] ! 
… 
I feel that you do n't really mean this 
… 
If I do n't mean it , then what do I mean ? 
Video - chat tonight 
Let 's see 
We will see each other very soon ! 
My [ heart 's throbbing | fawn is running around ] ! 
… Get lost ! 
Quick , go do your research work 
I await the queen respectfully 
I 'll go eat something 
Video - chat tonight ~ 
We 'll talk about it again 
… 
Is this the =pride of a queen ? 
Take your leave 
Are you here ? 
I 'm here 
Beauty 
Hehe 
Nothing 
...... 
I wanted to ask you for the template of tennis tournament programme brochure , staff from the television station happened to come here and I asked him for it 
Hehe 
Are you going to the second stop of the provincial league ? 
Yes 
Thanks for your hard work 
It 's my duty , how come hard work 
Right , Xu Jingxiao has a certificate , the 5th place 
It ’s here with me 
I was in a hurry when handing out the certificates , so I missed his 
OK 
Give it to me when you have the chance 
Singles 
Lucky it is not the 4th place 
It would delay his certificate application 
It does n’t matter 
He already has one 
Right 
The 5th prize is the consolation prize 
Do you have many program covers ? 
What ? No 
Oh 
Have you changed your computer ? 
Are you talking about the laptop ? 
Yes 
No , I hardly use it now 
I use ipad to surf the internet at home 
Mine also begins to run slowly , it 's better to change it with another one if I want to take it out 
HP is really bad 
Right , you definitely need to buy a portable one if you go abroad 
I do n't know when did this one break down 
Well , buy a new one 
Classmates , what do you want to eat this Saturday ? 
I was wondering how to arrange this Saturday 
Right , I 'm wondering at the same thing , too 
Faint 
So I have [ called you together | pulled you up ] for a discussion 
Haha 
I suppose Jielei is busy now 
Are you working now ? 
We two just discussed when we would arrive in Hangzhou 
When ? 
What 's your schedule ? 
We have tentatively decided on the 11:15 arrival train 
Would you like to hang out ? 
Or find some place for tea and chat ? 
We will be leaving at 8:00 pm 
I do n't know , either 
I would prefer some indoor activities 
What can Shen Xia do with her big belly ? 
That 's the problem 
Can we touch her big belly ? 
We should start teasing the baby when it is still inside the belly 
I touched her baby 's buttock last time 
Haha , that 's right 
Really ? Did you really feel it ? 
Yes 
She said that was the buttock 
How about this ? Lunch is on you , and dinner is on me 
Dinner is on me , =okay ? 
Okay ? 
Then how about the noon ? 
When will you arrive ? 
What 's our schedule ? 
Where are the girls ? 
I 'm thinking we need to have two meals , so we each treat one meal 
I do n't know , they are both online 
That 's okay , too 
Right 
But they did not respond 
I 've sent a screen shaking message 
Dinner is on me , =okay ? 
Maybe he is not available for lunch , , it happens 
Oh 
We 'll simply grab something for lunch 
Then lunch is on me , =okay ? 
It depends on them two 
When will you arrive in the morning ? 
The train leaves after 10:00 , and arrives at 11:15 
What does your man do ? 
Is he very mature ? 
Insurance company 
Five years older than me 
That 's acceptable 
Hangzhou native ? 
Yes 
Good , good 
You have n't seen him yet , so what 's the " good " all about ? 
I ca n't ask for more 
Are n't you very satisfied ? 
Just so so 
Have you met each other 's parents ? 
No 
You can see him on Saturday 
Haha 
He 's used to being watched like a panda anyway 
Has he met a lot of your acquaintances ? 
He has met several batches of them 
It 's because you know too many people , haha 
=Well 
Surely not as many as he does 
I 'm awfully sorry . I was busy just now 
So were you watched like a panda ? 
No 
His acquaintances are all uncles and aunties 
Busy taking care of babies at home 
[ Xiao Si | No. 4 ] is here 
Say , how should we arrange this Saturday ? 
Do you want to hang out or find a place to sip tea and chat ? 
Anything will do for us . It is all up to the expectant mother 
Let 's relax and find some themed restaurant for fun 
Where is the expectant mother ? 
Did she go to sleep with the baby ? 
Nourishing the fetus 
She was talking to me just now 
This should be fun 
Themed restaurant ? 
We need to bring playing cards ourselves 
There 's a good one over at the Xixi National Wetland Park 
They are all in scenic spots 
=Well 
Do we need tickets ? 
No 
It 's just a bit far 
(( We can drive there )) 
I searched for themed restaurants last time , , and they are all in scenic spots 
Or we can choose the Xixi National Wetland Park 
Oh 
Does you man have a car ? 
Ask Shen Xia 
Yes 
Then it 's good 
We can all go =in your car 
Yes 
But what are we going to play in the themed restaurant ? 
Desktop games ? 
My man does n't know a thing about it 
We are not good at it either . It 's okay . He can learn while playing 
I can play only a little 
We need to bring cards ourselves 
I would prefer a Chess and Card Room 
There are seven of us in all , right ? 
Yep 
Originally I thought it was my treat , so I wanted to invite Boss Qi 
That would make eight of us 
I have asked him 
Haha 
But he would n't come 
That is okay . Even though it 's my treat , , you can still invite him 
Yep 
Did you =invite him ? 
He would n't come ? 
He asked me , and I told him you would come 
Jielei happens to be by herself 
Then I 'll call him 
Let me ask him again 
OK 
Last time I said I would come and treat him a meal , and he promised to come 
It 's OK . I 'll talk with =him again 
Coax him out 
Ha 
Yes , sure 
He asked me for the photo of my man , and I said you could see him when you come 
Well , our director was talking with me about something just now 
Our Tong Tong also wants to come to Hangzhou , with me 
It 's okay , , I can talk now 
, , , , 
My man loves teasing =little kids 
Haha 
She knows you all very well 
Jielei is coming with a kid 
Fun 
Tell your Tong Tong , , there 's a weird =uncle over there 
I said I was going to meet Shen Xia and Xu Wanzhen 
He specializes in teasing little kids 
I do n't think =she knows me 
Tong Tong knows us 
Crap . She surely does 
Does she know me ? 
She often browses my phone album and asks me who is this , who is that , do they know me ? I would say all of them know you , so she feels quite familiar with you 
Haha 
Are you taking her or not ? 
Besides , I often talk about you with my sister , and she hears it all 
So she misses us so much 
I often tell my mom about you 
Say , what do you want for supper ? 
I ca n't come up with anything good 
She says she wants to come , and she really wants to see the big - belly mom 
Haha 
I am laughing to death 
She also knows Xu Ying 
Hey hey 
Would the big - belly mom feel tired following us all day long ? 
Then everybody is interested in her belly 
I feel so , too 
Haha 
When Shen Xia comes , , I 'll touch her belly 
She is becoming a national treasure 
And has a good texture 
I want to hang out and buy some clothes 
Intime is on its mid-year celebration 
So many people want to go shopping 
Let the expectant mom watch over Tong Tong , and we 'll go shopping 
Haha 
Nope 
Very good 
So many people want to go shopping 
It 's so horrible 
The KTV would have been a good choice , , but the environment there is really not suitable for an expectant mom 
Let 's go to the Chess and Card Room or play desktop games , then 
=Where is Shen Xia 
Busy busy busy 
I still prefer the KTV 
Is your Tong Tong okay with KTV ? 
She 's a frequent guest there 
Faint 
, , , 
Is the expectant mom okay ? 
Really . She often goes to KTV in Shanghai 
, , , 
The expectant mom can take a nap 
... 
I think the expectant mom is not OK 
Why has n't this expectant mom shown up yet ? 
Let me ask Xiao Ge 
Xiao Ge says do n't go 
Is he sure ? 
The expectant mom surely could not stand it 
What if some mishap happened and she got frightened ... 
Yeah 
Mr. Qi says he would certainly come if he 's not on a business trip 
OK 
Tell him I 'll invite him to dinner 
Who ? 
Qi Jirong 
I said so 
He knows when to run away 
What are we doing in the afternoon ? 
To my surprise , my boyfriend just told me he was chatting with Shen Xia around noon , this woman 
Then she [ left | disappeared like a flash ] on some errands 
I am so , so busy today 
Me , too 
Me , too 
Keep busy with your work , then 
Let 's chat in the evening 
Shen Xia talks to your man ? 
I have things to do in the evening 
Going to supper with my man 
Faint 
But I do n't know when he 'll get off work today 
You can have supper every day 
You meet your pet every day 
Xu Ying , tell me your train number 
Oh 
This name is so ugly 
He says he can pick us up at Chengzhan station , haha 
So nice 
I told him to put it off [ emoticon ] We might probably arrive in the late afternoon 
Faint 
, , , 
Anyway dinner is on me 
(( I will take you into account )) 
What are we doing in the afternoon 
Ah haha 
The question is 
[ Making love | Rolling between sheets ] ( emoticon ) 
Can you please not disappoint me like this 
Trying to coax me ? 
A moment ago I was expecting someone to pick us up , now it is uncertain 
Alas 
Men 
Not reliable 
Haha 
Or you can drive us back to Shanghai . It is also acceptable 
This is also OK 
Anyway I need to fetch my wedding photos 
Right right , , this number 
Haha 
OK 
It 's also =okay if we all go to Shanghai 
Jielei , the arriving train number is G7371 
Driving you to Shanghai and then I can have free meals and drinks [ emoticon ] ? 
Sure 
[ I | The elder sister ] will cover all expenses 
... 
Free dinner is surely ok if you drive us back 
We need to consider the big - belly mom 
Do n't be too polite 
I will not be 
You can even sleep over at my place 
Xu Ying , , when are you getting married ? 
I will feel really sorry to refuse [ emoticon ] 
Getting married ? What for ? 
, , , 
Do n't fucking mention marriage to me ... [ I | The elder brother ] will be feeling down 
Jielei , the departing train number is G7354 
You mentioned it to me first , ok 
I did n't say it [ emoticon ] 
Cheers cheers , , let 's quarrel 
Let 's fight~~~ 
HOHO~~ 
Between us we are very peaceful 
OK 
Are you stupid or something ? 
What on earth is the plan for the afternoon ? 
Playing cards and chatting . Or shall we [ take a leisurely walk | roll the road ] ? 
Let 's play cards and chat 
If you are interested , you can go to A & F University 
It is too far away 
I 've just been there 
You are so lucky 
Then let 's play cards and chat 
Then let 's play cards and chat 
[ I | The elder brother ] hates [ Hangzhou | Lin'an ] 
Yet you said you wanted to go 
To take care of you guys 
I am so moved 
=Qi Jirong ? 
Dear me 
You have finally shown up 
I have been waiting so hard for you 
I was sleeping just now 
=Well =well =well 
I thought so , too 
You were such a sound sleeper 
Slept for two hours 
Gosh 
I chatted with your husband for a long time 
You were the only one absent just now 
I asked him a lot of questions 
Sister Xia . Could you please avoid typos ? 
Her husband even came to me in search of Xu Ying 
What typo ? 
I do n't get it 
Jielei ... 
Do n't make it public 
=Fuck 
Let 's talk business 
What 's the plan for tomorrow noon ? 
Lunch is either on me or on your own . After the afternoon activity , dinner is on Xu Wanzhen 
Why has the date changed to tomorrow ? 
My bad 
Saturday 
My brain does n't work well lately 
Xu Wanzhen 's man may not make it tomorrow noon , how about others ? 
Saturday 
Qi Jirong ? 
You are not sure , are you ? 
Haha 
Full of typos 
Me and Jielei will =arrive at 11:15 am 
If you (( decide to get together in the afternoon )) , we 'll have lunch ourselves 
If you can make it , why not join us ? 
Just to spend more time with you together 
My man says , we can take a boat ride on the lake if you have no good idea 
Join us join us 
I ca n't sleep anyway 
How about Comrade Expectant Mom 
Sleep on the boat 
So lunch is on me then 
Shall we discuss what we are going to eat for lunch and supper ? 
I am registering to see an expert doctor 
Faint 
Faint 
Registering online ? 
Next Wednesday ? 
You ca n't successfully register online 
You need to first select a doctor and then dial 114 . You chance is better 
Taking a boat ride ? 
Are you on your nerves ? 
How come that we are taking a boat ride ? 
Can you please not use dirty words ? 
Are n't we discussing here , hurry up you 
Say , what can you do ? 
We are waiting for you 
She is calling her husband 
Is he okay or not 
I 'll going to sleep if (( she )) does not come 
I 've waited for the entire noon 
, , , 
What 's the time ? 
Anyway I am alone and not occupied , haha 
Resting at home ? 
I got up at 12 o'clock 
Yep 
Has your man found a job ? 
So cool 
Yep , he has gone to work 
So I am home alone 
What is he doing now ? 
=Trade 
Trade 
, , 
Well 
Sales ? 
Sort of 
Smirking ... 
Oh 
I 'm here 
The salary in Shanghai is surely higher than Hangzhou 
Alas , , I have totally no count on my shabby salary at all 
Well , it 's good enough to have your man 
How many times have I told you , it 's good as long as you marry well 
, , , , women need to be independent 
O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O haha 
, , , 
80,000 RMB in Yuyao provides an easier life than 150,000 RMB in Shanghai ... it is incomparable 
Sister Xia 's words are so philosophical 
Do you have waxberries in Yuyao ? 
Of course we do . Do n't worry 
Do n't you know anything else than eating waxberries [ emoticon ] 
I want to eat waxberries waxberries waxberries 
I 've told Xu Ying already . [ emoticon ] 
What else do you have ? 
Is waxberry the only thing famous about Yuyao ? 
Seems there 's also preserved pickle 
Haha 
You do n't even know how to type my name [ emoticon ] . No waxberries any more [ emoticon ] 
Comrades , what 's your agenda for the noon ? 
Are you coming out or not ? 
Are you having lunch or not ? 
Do you really want to eat only waxberries ? 
We could play cards and chat 
Boss Qi , will you be there around noon ? 
I have no interest in touring the West Lake . It 's too hot 
Such a [ loser | cock wire ] 
I want to eat waxberries !!!! 
He will bring some 
He promised me already 
Come out come out 
Rest assured you guys 
Since there are waxberries , why do n't we come out ? 
I told him about waxberries such a long time ago 
Are you both expecting daughters ? 
So lunch is on me , =okay ? 
Say , what do you want to eat ? 
Shen Xia , do n't forget to bring the photos for me 
Where is Xu Wanzhen ? 
I 'm here 
What to eat ? What to eat ? 
For the afternoon , the best choice is to find a place where we can sing , play cards and rest 
, , , a mountain villa 
LOL 
Well well 
With air - conditioning 
You ca n't possibly sing and play cards at the same time 
Haha 
Will we have vocal accompaniment while we play cards ? 
Haha 
Sure . Xu Wanzhen will find someone 
Or , let 's go to the themed restaurant 
, , , 
Why me again ? 
Limin always does this kind of things 
I trust you , Xu Wanzhen 
The places he goes to are filled with senior citizens 
The themed restaurant is a bit too expensive 
Let me show you 
But the environment is really very good 
We 'll take cards along then 
You are distracting my thoughts from work this afternoon 
Ah , haha 
I am too tired to move around 
Anyway I am planning to work overtime today 
And ask for leave tomorrow 
You need to wait for you man , anyway 
Yes 
I suppose I 'm going to be very late today 
You are so lucky . When I go to work , I guess I wo n't be able to use QQ 
Or shall we go Dutch in the afternoon 
Dinner is on us 
You guys take a look 
Someone recommended it to me 
We are all OK with it 
As long as your man is willing to treat us 
, , , 
He ca n't afford it 
How about the noon ? 
What would you like for lunch ? 
It is on me 
Let 's go Dutch 
If we go Dutch , I propose we go to the themed restaurant 
It 's really expensive if we do n't go dutch 
80 RMB per person on average 
640 RMB for eight 
Which means we have lunch there and then play there ? 
Or we play there in the afternoon and then have dinner there ? 
I do n't get it 
We 'll be there for lunch and for the afternoon 
There is the Dragon Well outside 
Anyone who wants to hang out can suit himself 
So , we have lunch there , and play there in the afternoon ? 
If you do n't want to hang out , you can play games indoors 
Right 
Well 
All themed restaurants are like this 
I see 
Good surrounding 
We can go Dutch 
I also think we can go Dutch for the afternoon 
Dinner is on us 
I mean , meals and play are two separate services there , right ? 
You can both eat and play 
Do you want to die , I have n't got married yet 
Eat when we are hungry , , and order some drinks while laying 
What does Shen Xia say ? 
Shen Xia , you are always out of the loop 
She simply wants to blackmail me 
Leaning towards her man so quickly 
I did n't say he would n't treat 
Haha 
Over 600 RMB for the invitation , , really expensive 
Yep 
Shen Xia , stop blackmailing him 
Be cautious he will remember you in the future . Haha 
Right , , we are all working class people 
Not like you , , with houses and cars 
An independent multi-storey house 
(( Did Shen Xia get free treat when she was dating with Ge Xudong 's )) 
Yes 
At The Grandma 's 
Thousand - year Grandma 's 
Oh 
Therefore I decide to choose the Grandma 's this time , too 
Or Zhao Feng Nian Jian ? 
We are good even if you treat us with lunch boxes 
It 's your choice 
(( We would be happy with lunch boxes )) , Younger Sister Zhen 
We did n't ask you to treat us with such top - grade food 
So it 's lunch box , settled 
Zhao Feng Nian Jian , , The Grandma 's , , 
, , , 
I 've ignored you 
And also Jin Ju Restaurant 
Say , , have you made your decision yet ? If we are going to play cards , , I 'm going to buy two docks 
I 'm for Jin Ju Restaurant . Me the country folk has never dined there before 
Well 
Where shall we play cards ? 
Jin Ju makes really yummy Slowly Braised Pork Belly 
Themed restaurant 
Good , I like it 
Greenhouse Themed Restaurant , , on Longjing Road 
I 'll go make a reservation first 
You 'd better make a reservation because we have many people 
Does Jin Ju still provide group purchase ? 
Well , yes 
But the one on Dongpo Road does not accept group purchase tickets on Saturday 
Faint 
Either the one on Hangda Road or in Intime Mall Qingchun Store 
Oh 
Find some place near Chengzhan Station , Elder Sister 
=Why ? 
Do n't we have =Qi 
=Qi will pick you up 
How difficult it is to park in the city 
Then we 'll play at the Greenhouse in the afternoon , and then have supper at Hangda Road 
There should be a parking lot near Longjing 
Would it be expensive ? 
Is Hangda road far ? 
From Chengzhan Station 
The parking fee is certainly expensive 
Then what shall we do ? 
Let 's change a place 
Xixi National Wetland Park ? 
Great 
No problem 
I 'll let my elder brother know and see if we can park anywhere convenient 
Right , Xixi National Wetland Park 
I 'll ask my elder brother to take us inside 
Oh good 
Just wondering whether he 'll manage with so many people 
Can we park ? 
It 's such a huge place 
We have three cars 
Can we get in ? 
It should n't be a problem 
How come we have three cars ? 
He 's doing a project there 
Are you stupid ? 
We might as well park in his place 
Are you also driving here , Xu Ying ? 
=Qi 
One car by you , one by Xu Wanzhen 's husband , and one by Qi Jirong 
Oh right 
Oh oh oh Qi Jirong 
How on earth do I have a car ? 
He 's not my husband 
... 
Well well , boyfriend 
He is already in your heart 
[ Nonsense | Fart ] 
=Hurry , upgrade your relationship 
=Nope 
Do n't deceive yourself and us 
Shen Xia , , beware of your baby 's buttock 
Haha 
=I can not fight you , , but abusing your baby is a piece of cake for me 
If Boss Qi is occupied and =fails to pick us up , we 'll rush to Xixi National Wetland Park from Chengzhan Station ? 
Ah ah ah it 's too far away 
Ah ah 
Take a taxi 
Ask her man for reimbursement 
Faint 
What does this have to do with her man ? 
Oh 
She belongs to her man now 
, , , 
[ I | The elder brother ] will be sleepless [ emoticon ] 
Are you there ? 
I ’m here 
You have already moved away 
Ha . Still need you to help with that project of ours 
Yes 
At 4413 
Come over and play another day 
Heh heh . Okay . What do you need me to do now ? 
Just contribute [ QQ instant messenger | qq ] messages 
Li has to wait until after she comes back in September 
=How come ? Has she already gone back to China ? 
How do I contribute ? 
=She 's on the 29th 
Let me tell you 
Very simple 
Yeah 
At the bottom of your [ QQ instant messenger | qq ] page , there is this icon 
Click it to open the message manager 
Yeah 
Then you will see this interface , right ? 
Yeah 
Click on this 
Then select export messages 
Export all of them ? 
Yes 
Personal information will be filtered out 
Save it onto the desktop . Save it as txt format 
And then ? 
Have you saved it ? 
Then this will be on the desktop 
You can login to the account which you set up the last time to submit it 
You can also send it to me . I 'll put it on the office computer to do it 
If it 's too large , send it to me . I 'll =take the [ USB flash drive | U disk ] to copy it to the office . Because if it 's too large it ca n't be uploaded 
Should n't be large 
How large is it ? 
Look at Properties 
Only 1.49 
Okay , then . If so , you ’ll transfer it yourself ? 
Do you still remember your account number ? 
I have forgotten that website 
I know the account number 
After you upload it , it has to be compiled and then the submission is confirmed 
When it 's finished you 'll see this 
It 's a little [ frustrating | brightness ] . Where can I click to upload it ? 
How do I provide text messages ? 
Click to enter 
Then immediately [ Image ] 
I see it now 
You said it has to be compiled ? What has to be compiled ? 
You are still uploading it 
Already done 
Wait till it has finished uploading 
Select edit dialog 
Select all and then confirm contribution 
I did n't see it 
Sigh . Just send it to me . There may be a problem with the data 
Or you can delete it and try again 
Still the same 
Perhaps the [ QQ instant messenger | qq ] version is incompatible 
You are a person of faith , I trust you . Help me upload the chat records 
I 'll take it to the office to transfer tomorrow 
[ Uh | Forehead ] , Big Brother 
What bad deeds can I do with your records ? 
There are many hidden secrets in my records 
No problem . Part of our work is to delete all messages containing people 's names , phone numbers , addresses , email addresses , and other personal information 
Rest assured 
Relax , relax~~~ 
O ( ∩ _ ∩ ) O Thank you for =your trust and support 
The deletion is all done by the computer program 
It ’s just very simple , I never helped out previously , I ’m sorry 
That mobile text message was really too troublesome before 
So there was nothing we could do . That ’s why we had no choice but to do [ QQ instant messenger | qq ] 
I have n't sent text messages since coming over here .. 
Yeah . All of us employees are asking our family , =friends , and so on 
My own , my parents ’ , elder brother ’s and elder sister ’s , we have looked for them all 
Yeah , yeah . It 's rather difficult indeed 
Must offer my =support 
Support 
You are truly a good person 
Sigh 
Frank and straightforward ! 
This .. you ’re being too polite . You take care of it , I ’ll look you up to have fun when the time comes . I did n't even have time to say goodbye when I heard you had moved away 
Yeah . Did n't really see you the couple of days before I moved either 
Been too busy lately .. 
Yeah . I realized there were still some things I ’d =left there 
So I 'll go back and get them another day 
A bucket of rice 
[ Image ] It ’s a must 
Yeah . I 'll look for you when I go over . Li Xin may even be gone 
What is your phone number ? 
Haha , okay , you can only ring the doorbell then 
Yes . The =key has been given to Liu Tianyang 
Key 
Right . He moved into your room 
Your phone number 
Big Brother 
What ? 
What is it … ? 
It ’s convenient to =find someone to open the door when I go 
I gave my mobile phone here to Zuo Xi . His parents came over last time 
Wow 
Besides I 'm usually not there .. 
Okay , then … .. 
Old Shao is there 
Okay , then 
I do n't even have your phone numbers 
Alright . Got it 
I have Old Shao 's phone number 
About what time are you coming over ? 
I 'm only there in the evening 
Yeah . You still remember his phone number without your mobile phone ? 
Indefinite 
I have a mobile phone , but it 's a domestic number 
… Or forget about it 
It 's saved in the mobile phone 
Oh 
Okay . I still have to wait for Liu Tianyang . I just remembered , apart from the rice there 're also two refrigerator stickers in the room [ emoticon ] 
Is that so .. 
The rice is in the kitchen 
The refrigerator stickers , I can ask Liu to put them in the kitchen when the time comes 
You can come over to get them any time 
That 's fine , right ? Okay . Let him know if you see him 
I do n't know when he gets back either 
Does he know where it is ? 
You =have told him , right ? 
I have n't told him 
No problem , I 'll ask him when the time comes 
The refrigerator stickers are just stuck on the refrigerator 
On the refrigerator door 
[ Okay | Yoshi ] 
Alright . Thank you !! 
[ Image ] You 're welcome , I 'm going to =sleep now , good night 
Yeah , yeah . Good night !! 
Are you there ? 
? 
Younger sister 
What 's the matter ? 
[ Uh | forehead ] , I need your help with something 
We placed a lot of advertisements on domestic and international websites , but not many people are participating . So nothing can be done now , we can only look for family and friends one by one 
This is our advertisement . You can log into our website . You can also send it to me directly . If you 're willing to help [ emoticon ] 
=Okay 
Okay 
Haha . Thanks , dear 
I 'll go and do it when I have recovered from my illness 
Oh ? You got sick ? 
This is extremely simple . It can be done in one or two minutes 
I 'll show you on [ WeChat mobile text and voice messaging app | WeChat ] 
Girl , do you know anything about Shanghai Business School ? 
I have no idea . I just went there several times 
A friend =of mine is asking me about it 
I am just asking 
It ’s OK 
Well , I went to attend a class for training the rich people . I do n’t know much about others . You can [ search | baidu ] it . There might be some introduction on the Internet 
Haha 
You participated in this kind of training ? 
Interesting 
They organized activities before , and I was just following them to have fun 
Attendants are all people in charge of companies 
I went there [ just for fun | just to buy some soy sauce ] 
The name was Shanghai Business School or Changjiang Business School , I do n’t remember 
Haha 
Can they really make you rich ? 
I do n’t know . I did n’t listen carefully . The teacher taught quite well on the stage , but it was just that kind of [ showing - off | niubi ] style 
Dear , are you there ? ? 
Yes . My friend is engaged this week and can not make it .
Shall we go ? 
The Happy Valley 
It so happens that I am going to Hangzhou this Saturday 
And it ’s going to rain , the weather wo n’t be good 
Or shall we go next week ? More people , more fun [ emoticon ] 
Are you going to Hangzhou ? For fun ? 
Yes , that ’s right 
I see . Next time I guess the Maya Water Park near the Happy Valley will be open , haha 
Right right , we need to take swimsuits [ emoticon ] 
Have you gone back to work ? 
Not yet 
When ? 
Where do you live ? 
September 30th 
I 'm in Seattle too now 
Seattle 
=Damn it 
You 're in Seattle ? 
September 30th ? 
[ Damn it | Your sister ] 
Ah 
… 
I came to groupon 
Will you always be in Seattle ? 
How long is always ? 
After September 30th 
I will 
That 's good 
What have you been doing recently then ? 
Going to class 
Why are you working so late ? 
Ah ? 
You still have n't graduated ? 
We graduate at the end of August 
=Damn it 
Okay . I 'm even working next Monday 
Um 
How is it ? 
Is where you live =close to amazon ? 
Very close to amazon , but quite far from my company ... 
Do n't like looking for a house anymore . Just living together with a group from amazon 
With your classmate ? 
I 'm in the same group with your classmate 
Not with him 
Some others 
He does n't have a house here anymore 
Is there public transportation to amazon from where you are ? 
Can you drive ? 
10 minutes walking 
Very good 
I take public transportation to the company . Google says it will take 20 minutes 
How 's Seattle ? 
How is it around where you live ? 
Is it safe ? 
It 's safe 
Do you live in a studio or share rent with others ? 
studio 
New house 
How much does it cost ? 
But it 's a little small 
So good 
1,370 per month 
Small does n't matter 
But saved 2 months ' rent 
.... 
So expensive .... 
So on average a little more than 1,100 
Why ? 
Why what ? 
Why save =2 months ? 
Who knows ? 
Just a marketing method 
Can you drive ? 
Do n't have a license 
But I can drive 
Always driving recently 
=Damn it 
Haha 
permit ? 
Do n't worry . Wait until you come , I 'll definitely have a car 
Okay 
Counting on you 
Oh 
I 'm =actually rather unoccupied recently 
Actually 
But ca n't learn to drive 
Do n't have a permit 
Do you know how the job search is going for ee in your school ? 
Does anyone know ee ? 
Anyone that can give recommendations ? 
My permit is from Philadelphia 
Not sure . Should be easy to find 
Coming here , I have to redo it all 
All of CMU 's seem to be easy to find 
[ Damn it | Sister 's ] 
Do you have classmates who wants to go to CMU for EE ? 
You do n't know any ee ? 
Do n't know 
No. It 's to find a job 
But I can help you ask 
See if you can find one that can give a recommendation 
Can you ? 
Worried to death looking for a job 
What 's wrong ? 
My classmate 
Are n't you in groupon now ? 
Your classmate ? 
Oh 
The classmate in ee , already started opt and is still struggling in the search 
I remember 
Saw it before 
Basically amazon oracle and whatnot 
Cisco 
But my classmate 's software is n't good 
Is n't going to amazon to do hardware ? 
I see amazon 's hardware position requirements are all very high 
EE here all studied CS classes 
Oh . That 's it then 
What kind of ML did they study ? 
Pah ... 
OS 
(( All the majors here all face CS testing )) 
Holy crap 
It 's best to be able to ask those ones who are pure ee 
Yes . We are the same there 
Actually , the house I live in is not bad indeed 
New house . The first batch to move in 
But it should be long gone by the time you get here 
Help me look 
... 
Ah . No problem . Will look when the time comes 
There are plenty of houses 
I can make the down payment first 
... 
[ What are you in such a hurry for | You hurry hair ] ? 
It 's mainly that I 've never been to Seattle 
Oh . No problem 
Not clear on anything 
Holy crap . In September I will already be a [ local | local bully ] , okay 
Okay 
If worse comes to worst just live at my place 
Yeah 
You found it recently 
The best thing is having one 's own washer and dryer 
Or had gone out and played a while ? 
No playing 
Do you have to pay for them ? 
No 
They are in my own room 
That 's quite comfy 
This apartment building is the hotel - style type 
Are you able to see the snow - capped mountains ? 
The room only has a little over 500 feet 
See your [ ass | sister ] 
.
Does n't Seattle have snow - capped mountains ? 
Sending you some pictures to look at 
Do n't know 
Um 
I just got here the day before yesterday ... 
Um 
Do you want me to bring you some special products from Pennsylvania ? 
What kind of special products from Pennsylvania ? ... 
Do n't know … 
Especially boring 
Nowhere to play at all 
Quite big 
Holy crap 
So good 
[ Awesome | Cow cunt ] 
Look , it 's very small 
Just such a long strip 
No bedroom 
=Pretty good 
Very new 
It does n't matter if you live alone 
The kitchen is quite a waste 
The common area in this building is very good 
I do n't cook 
Various kinds of little gardens on the top of the building 
Learn to cook 
=Damn it . Even a sea view 
Lake 
Holy crap 
This ( place ) of yours is a good value 
This is a small theater 
Very good 
About the same as a hotel 
This is =its lobby 
Help me to take care of it 
See if there are still any other studios 
Second floor is the workout room , but it 's a little small 
I think this place of yours is very good 
Although it 's a little expensive 
But still acceptable 
These are the activity rooms 
The activity rooms are very good . Can sunbathe , barbecue and whatnot on top of the building outside the activity rooms 
Yeah . I thought it was a little expensive at first too , but thought about it later and said forget about it 
The conditions of this place of yours are very good 
Plus 1,100 for this place of yours is n't expensive either 
Yeah . In fact , after calculating I guess I 'll be [ broke by the end of the month | moonlight group ] too 
It 's alright 
It 's all over 2,000 in California 
In case I buy a new car or something , I 'll [ be broke by the end of the month | go toward the moonlight ] over the installments 
Haha 
Which car do you intend to buy ? 
Do n't know 
The end of September 
Seattle is abnormal . It 's all slopes 
Benz is coming out with a 29K car 
I 'm actually more inclined to buy a 2nd hand car . It 's the first time after all 
... 
Um 
SUV ? 
Maybe later 
I will think about it first 
But buying a 2nd hand car you have to pay it off in one lump sum , and have to ask family for money 
New cars are too expensive . =Damn it 
=Just buy one that is a bit worn 
Or rent a car 
Is n't there that kind that you rent month by month ? 
Yeah . I still do n't have a license now anyway . I will take my time and look 
Then is it legal for you to get on the road now ? 
A while ago I had a permit in Philadelphia and could drive without a problem 
It 's alright as long as there is a driver =sitting in the passenger seat 
.... 
But I also often drive by myself 
Without a permit ... 
As long as you do n't break the laws or whatnot , who 's going to stop you ? 
=Damn it . What if you got in an accident ? 
Go straight back to China 
~ 
You 'd better be careful 
Yeah 
I 'm very confident in my own driving skills 
Do n't know why 
Road killers are all like this 
.... 
[ Damn it | Sister 's ] 
I 'm going to eat . No more chatting with you 
Um 
There 's no need to rush the matter of your renting a place first anyway 
Put it off until the time comes 
Yeah 
Do n't forget to help me ask the ee classmates 
Okay 
It 's best to be able to recommend whatever you have 
How do I recommend students ? 
You can recommend them as long as they 're working 
It 'd be good too if you can ask how to find a job 
Are you talking about the ones who are working ? 
[ Helpless | Hands tied without a scheme ] now 
Yeah . Alright 
Yeah . That 's what I mean 
Which field is your classmate in ? 
I 'll ask , ha 
Yixiu , are you there ? 
I 'd like to ask how long it takes to apply for the visa when back in China ? 
If in Guangzhou , it 's ten business days , and normally you can get it between five to seven days . If you apply for the visa outside Guangzhou , you have to add the time it gets to Guangzhou via express delivery 
I estimate between twelve and fifteen business days on the safer side 
Hmm 
I 'm planning to go back to China at the end of July ~ 
How is your internship going over there ? ~ 
Haha , you 're finally going back … Well , are you still coming back for your internship ? 
No , it ends at the end of July ~ 
I see you seem to go to work very early in the morning 
From eight o'clock to five o'clock … 
This early ? 
What are you doing over there ? 
The internship is better than I thought 
Why do you say that ? 
I feel very bored here - - 
But the boss wo n't allow me to slack … 
Really ? At my place here , everyone is very busy , so the things assigned to me to do may be quite a lot 
My internship here is not very much related to my major , so I 'm assigned very few tasks … 
What are you mainly doing over there ? Related to EHS ? 
Yes 
An excellent match with your major ! 
I do solid waste 
Actually I am not really using my professional knowledge … 
I 'm doing a life cycle analysis here 
But there are no data - - 
Haha … 
OK , hurry up and go to work ~ 
Let 's chat next time ~ 
We 're also in the process of collecting data 
OK … 
Go for it ! 
Are you there ? 
What 's up ? 
I wanted to send you something just now 
I 'm not sending it anymore 
I ’ve found some more posts and put them on Dropbox , check them out 
Try this 
It is Kugoo 7 anyway , I found one on the Internet , mine was gone 
This does n’t work~ 
~~ 
Forget it , I ’ll just use Xiami 
Do n’t 
Kugoo is the really cool player 
I ’ll look around again , I forgot which one it was 
My classmate has n’t got any reply yet , he says you can check this one first … .
What is this ? 
I do n’t know 
I am also checking it out 
(( The tendencies in 2012 )) 
Oh~~ 
It does n’t look like of much use 
You might as well check whether there are any companies that you could send your resumes to 
OK 
What are you doing ? 
Just went to take a bath 
Went for supper ? 
No 
Suaisuai was sleeping 
.
.. 
What ’s up ? 
Nothing 
Why did you send .. ? 
You sent . first 
Oh , should I keep it going ? 
… 
… .
Have you finished installing the furniture ? 
Not yet 
I am installing the table 
I have just one bed and one desk 
Why do I feel that the room still has space for something else ? 
Shall I come over and go shopping with you ? 
No 
We are coming out to play basically 
Otherwise I wo n’t have the interest to hang around outside 
Besides , I am new in Seattle and have barely got a chance 
Well OK 
I am leaving =for the meal 
OK 
It ca n't be helped , we are just small potatoes 
Doing whatever we are told 
I 'll talk to Director Zhou 
Do n't 
The leader might think I am complaining 
Rest assured 
Do more if you can , it 's not tiring 
Do n't make the leader think that we have complaints 
Well , OK .
This is for your good 
I just feel injustice for us laborers 
Alas , =forget it 
Forget it 
I am content to have such a gallant friend like you 
I 'm coming too . In classroom number one 
Oh . I thought you were at the front desk 
Heh heh 
I did n't see you when I went to the front desk in the morning 
Oh . You get to work at nine o'clock now ? 
Yes 
I do n't have nursing time anymore 
Yes 
Your child has gotten big 
But you took a long time off 
Yeah . She does n't drink powdered milk . It 's really worrying 
So big now . Has to rely mainly on eating food now 
Three meals per day . They all say they grow well drinking milk . Hehe . She seems a little thin . Only 18 or 19 jin . How about your baby ? 
76cm , 20 jin 
The child has gotten big , so she needs a lot of nutrition now . You must let her eat more 
My daughter has the normal three meals per day now 
She 's already been having three meals per day . Ate a lot at first . Now she 's picky about food 
My daughter 's greatest advantage is that she [ can eat a lot | has a strong mouth ] . Eats whatever I give her 
She even eats more in one meal than a two or three year old child 
That time in winter when she was 9 months old , she was 74CM , 18 jin , now she 's still a little over 18 jin 
That 's very good 
But my daughter is n't fat either 
On the tall and thin side 
Just has a big face , but her body is quite thin 
She 's the same with eating fruit . Ate anything at first . Now she only eats one bite of everything , then does n't eat if I give her more 
Yeah , yeah . Yes . My child looks alright in the face , but her body is actually bones . Hehe 
The bigger children get , the more consciousness they have 
Yes . They are little adults now , just have n't learned to speak . Learn things very quickly , but can only call mom and dad . I do n't understand even a bit of the other things she spoke . Hehe 
Locust tree ? 
There happens to have an old camphor tree outside of my window , I sent it for you to [ have a look | untie eyes of slander ] 
Hehe , it looks a little familiar , thank you for bringing me the juvenile memories 
You are a nostalgic person 
Hehe , I 'm getting old in nostalgia [ emoticon ] 
Nostalgic people are all quite perceptual 
Yes , quite perceptual , it 's quite true 
Yes 
I hope we both are 
[ emoticon ] I 'm this kind of person 
We should appreciate each other 
Yes , I felt that you were like my old friend when I met you in Shenzhen 
I felt a little reluctant when you left 
Although we are not familiar with each other 
I felt the same , although it was the first time we met , it was like that we had known each other for a long time 
It turns out that we have the similar taste 
We should get together if we have a chance 
We have a close connection , it does n't need to be too encounters and words 
Ok 
When we are not too old 
[ emoticon ] When we still can get crazy 
Haha , I 'm looking forward to Yingzi 's crazy moment 
Are you busy ? We ca n't keep talking 
Otherwise it will be endless 
Innermost words do not need to be said 
It 's better than thousands of words when I know you are there and fine 
Take care , Ying 
You too 
Are you there ? 
Yep , are you busy lately ? 
Nope 
I have registered a company , a ticket agent company 
Tickets for the flight , train , performances and everything 
Good , the train ticket business is so transparent , is it profitable ? 
Just to attract more customers 
The train ticket business has not been approved yet 
I found a guy through the relationship of Bureau Director Lu , and he said the procedure has changed 
Ca n’t start it for the moment 
Have you started the hotel , then ? 
No , but I have always had the plan to open a hotel , I want to open a small one first 
My classmate is now working as the boss of Inzone Tourism Group , their Grace Inn has been developing franchised branches 
I know , it is too expensive , I can not afford it 
Chain hotels like Grace Inn and Home Inn require a very high initial cost 
At least four million RMB 
Oh 
You ’ve got connections with the ticket business , I guess you can develop well 
Do n’t forget me about flight tickets 
Of course , can you also provide invoices ? 
What ’s your price compared with ctrip ? 
Of course 
For business tickets , normal discount is offered and the price is no higher than ctrip 
Personal tickets are two to three percents lower than ctrip 
Good 
I forgot it the other day , I ’ve just booked three tickets 
Many low - price tickets of ctrip are sold together with mandatory insurance 
We do n’t do that 
Yes , mandatory 
Our business flight tickets usually require the purchase of insurance , too , insurance is not a problem , however 
I ’ll give you a three percent discount for all tickets of your unit 
OK 
I have just started up , and am mainly focusing on business volume 
So that I can get favorable policies from airlines 
Oh 
Right , when your business grows big gradually , we can enjoy free tickets for our trips , LOL 
Many tickets are sold if the profit is only 10 or 20 RMB 
Right 
Compared with ctrip , my tickets have very obvious advantages 
OK , good 
The thing is we offer extended services , you can designate seats on the airplane 
Any seat =except for the first - class cabin , not the check - in service provided by airlines 
Except for 
That ’s great , our leader ask me to book seats in the first row every time , I fail every time 
We have the seat designation system 
We can arrange your leader to sit in the first row together with the flight police 
Awesome 
Right , we can also book hotel rooms 
I can offer 10 points as your commission 
Right , so your business is like elong and ctrip , right ? 
Yes 
www . sohoto . com 
We belong to Travelsky 
If you want to take a trip , tell me your intended hotel and I can book with an account with a high discount , you can get over 10 % discount 
OK 
Do higher - level hotels offer higher discounts ? 
Chained hotels offer lower discounts ? 
No , now higher - level hotels offer higher discounts , and chained hotels also offer up to 10 % discount 
But we have few chained hotels in our system 
Do you offer group purchase business ? 
It is very hot lately 
We offer prepayment service 
This is a top - class hotel but very cheap 
Only that there is no benefits for individuals 
It would be awesome if I could pay a little more than chained hotels to enjoy five - star hotels 
You can prepay 300 RMB to us and enjoy four - star hotel services 
That is already very good 
Five - star hotels are not expensive now , you can make it with 700 plus RMB 
That ’s expensive 
The visitor price of Crowne Plaza is 700 plus RMB 
Right 
The hotel business is very difficult this year 
I sold over 100,000 RMB for tickets by myself in June last year , but we sold only 6,000 RMB in June this year 
…… 
The gap is too huge 
Public funded travel is prohibited 
But it looks like that every hotel is fully packed with visitors 
There are many business visitors 
Hi Principal Chen , this is Little Wang , does your daughter have a QQ number , so she can add my nephew as a QQ friend , let the two young people get to know each other , with more friends there are more information channels ! 
Haha , first let them make friends 
OK . Do you have this guy 's personal information ? I told my daughter about this . In Singapore now ? 
Yes 
I think he 's 28 years old now , this is his information 
Has there been any substantial progress on the Qianjiang school cooperation ? 
Yes , now we 're working out the details of the cooperation 
I 'll find his photo 
[ picture ] He works at the admissions and career office of Shanghai International Studies University 
He seems to be at a suitable age 
OK 
Is his home in Shanghai or Wuhan now ? 
His home is in Wuhan , before I heard the school is going to provide housing 
Oh , do you have his qq number and name ? 
Make according to this one is ok , the size is 1 * 0.5 meter 
50 multiplied by 35 
It 's so small 
Yes , otherwise it can not be hung flat 
Oh 
When can it be made , Sister Xing ? 
I will give it to you tomorrow 
I will give it to you today if there is enough time 
Take your time 
Tomorrow is ok 
Decorate it a little bit 
Change the font a little bit if it looks odd 
Be bright - colored and striking is ok 
Conspicuous 
Not bright - colored 
Ok 
Ses if it 's ok 
It 's perfect 
Thanks Sister Xing 
Hehehe , I 'm going to make it 
Ok 
hi 
Junior - year Writing can be taken when you are in the sophomore year 
Oh , in that case , will the grades be very low ? … = = 
Writing is under Category D ? ? 
It wo n't 
Writing is under Category b 
You can also take English - Chinese Translation 2 - 1 
Oh , in that case … I 'll choose it and try … 
It 's Lǚ Shisheng ? ? 
You wo n't be given low grades as long as you come to class and participate actively in class 
Yes 
Is that D or C ? ? 
That 's c 
And senior , I always do n't understand … can we choose from a mixture of Categories B , C , and D courses for Translation and English ? 
In principle , no , but in reality you can 
It 's okay for writing 
I do n't know about others 
If you are going for the exchange , first ask the seniors who have been there , ask them about the credit transfer , what kind of credits can be transferred , and how many credits can be transferred 
Translation department students have to take English - Chinese Translation , but our corresponding Category C is named Translation Theory and Practice … The teacher for this class is really hehehehe = =… 
… 
In that case , take it when you are back . One course does n't matter 
That 's why I 'm still thinking whether I can choose Lǚ Shisheng = =… For Category C , do we have to take the courses arranged by the department ? ? 
Yes 
For Category c that can be transferred in the exchange , the course name of the other school must be exactly the same as the course name of our department 
So , Senior , were you able to change your second foreign language at that time ? ? After coming back from the exchange , were you able to catch up with the progress of your second foreign language ? ? 
I changed my second foreign language 
What did you choose for your second foreign language ? 
Oh , we choose our second foreign language only in the second semester in the sophomore year … German or Spanish , I think … 
Oh , because mine is French and the teacher for our year was very slow with his lecture , I studied all over again after coming back … [ What a shame | Sweat ] 
Not sure for German , the German teacher for our year lectured like he were on auto - mode 
As long as I have taken the course at the exchange school , I can transfer the credits , right ? 
You can do that only if the credit hours for the course there are more than the credit hours for the course here 
Oh … how are the other Category D credits transferred ? 
Other credits can be transferred as long as they are related to the major 
Credit hours are very important 
At the time you must see how many credit hours it has 
Our second foreign language has many credit hours but only two credits 
Now , when transferring credits , those for two courses can be transferred to one course 
To get enough credit hours for that second foreign language course 
I had to use two 3 - credit courses to make up for the two - credit second foreign language course 
[ Emoticon ] [ emoticon ] oh oh , I get it now … 
Where do you want to go to for exchange ? 
Senior , I see that the slots for some exchange programs are open to the whole school , so is it easy to apply for overseas schools ? 
Singapore … if I ca n't go there , Spain then … 
Ask Zhou Sihan about this , it 's different for our year 
I recommend Spain … 
There is a different policy for every year , is n't it ? ? 
Why ? ? 
To =make you more =knowledgeable 
Different from next year onward 
That sentence just now was sent wrongly 
(⊙o⊙) Oh 
You can learn one more language 
Spain is more … exotic … 
Maybe it will feel much more like an exchange 
If it 's Singapore , there are many Chinese people , so it wo n't feel like a foreign country 
Aha … 
Well , do all exchange programs require language grades ? ? 
They should be required for Singapore and Spain 
Not required for Taiwan 
I suggest that immediately after doing the TEM - 4 exam in the sophomore year , take the IELTS exam 
or TOEFL and [ whatever | divine horse ] 
Uh-huh … 
By the way , is TEM - 4 difficult … ? 
… Well … it depends on the score you want to get 
You guys should be able to pass even if you take the exam now 
Is n't the grade counted as credits … ? 
Yes … there 's a course called TEM - 4 Tutorial or [ whatever | divine horse ] 
The grade for that course is the TEM - 4 result 
Two credits 
I see … 
So , the junior - year courses I can choose now are just Writing and English - Chinese Translation , right ? ? Are there any Category D courses I can choose … ? 
You can choose anything from Category D 
If you 're not afraid of torture , you can go to audit an Intermediate Interpretation 2 - 1 lecture 
Business English Selected Readings 
There 's Business English Translation , right … ? Category C … 
And Computer Aided English Translation , Category c 
You can choose anything that does not conflict with what you have now 
So I can skip the Category D courses in the class schedule that I do not like ? ? 
Yes , you can opt out 
Uh-huh … senior , do you have a teacher you recommend for the Writing course ? ? 
Teacher I recommend … I had only one writing teacher , and he 's gone 
marc ? ? 
Thomas 
Who can you choose ? 
John , Li Jing … 
… I do n't know them at all … 
Make it John , then 
[ Emoticon ] [ emoticon ] OK … I 'll look at the course selection manual again … does it mean that translation and English students can choose each other 's courses as long as they are not from Category C ? 
We have our own Category D , why must you choose courses for the English students … ? 
Take a look at the training plan on the course selection website 
Because I am an English student … - - 
… Oh … 
I always thought you were a translation student 
All the Category d courses we talked about earlier are for the translation students 
Take a look at the training plan on the course selection website , it has clear explanations there 
OK , OK … I have no more questions now ~~ 
Thank you , senior ~\(≧▽≦) / ~ 
You 're welcome ~ 
Well , I 'll bug you again when I have questions , senior ~~ hehe … 
OK , sure ! 
Hehe … senior , go do your stuff , chat later ~~ [ emoticon ] 
OK , bye ~ 
What did you give the child to eat in the morning ? Our child eats very little breakfast recently . Wo n't eat steamed eggs . Eats a little boiled eggs , and a little wonton then stop eating . It 's really worrying 
She drinks carrot porridge and eats a little shredded pork and biscuits for breakfast 
Oh , my mother - in - law =worries that she does n't have enough time in the morning . She never makes porridge 
My daughter started drinking porridge every morning since 5 months old 
Never missed a day 
Millet or rice , or a blend ? 
My child is used to it now . Wo n't eat if there 's no porridge 
It 's carrot - rice porridge 
This is very good 
Is not carrot small ginseng ? 
It 's good to eat a little more 
Vitamin supplements 
Carrots are very hard to get mushy 
Electric pressure cooker 
Shred the carrots and then chop them =again 
This way the child can just eat it directly 
Can it be really mushy ? I 've never made it for her using an electric pressure cooker 
Yes 
Those pinto beans can be =mushy with it also 
Oh , okay . I 'll go back and give it a try . I always chop it up and steam the rice for her 
An electric pressure cooker is pretty convenient 
I do n't have to watch it the entire time 
Yes . Do n't have to worry about it once you put it on , haha 
My mother - in - law is lazy 
It 's actually very fast 
You can make it in the morning too 
Takes another 20 minutes after bringing it to boil ? 
Get up at 6 o'clock and put it on . It 's ready in half an hour 
The one at my house is like this 
Very convenient 
Um , good . Make it and see if she like it , hehe 
My daughter does like to drink this porridge 
She wants porridge for all three meals a day 
Very good . What kind of biscuits do you feed her ? 
Some I make myself , some are bought from the United States by a purchasing service 
She rather likes to eat the ones from the purchasing service 
Homemade ones are n't as good as store - bought ones 
Foreign ones are good 
But with few preservatives and whatnot 
Chinese people are too bad now . Not many kinds of good things 
Um , she does n't really like to eat biscuits . She used to like eating little steamed buns . She does n't eat it anymore 
Yes . Does she drink powdered milk now ? 
My child does n't drink it . Sometimes I put some dimsum in powdered milk for her to eat . She only [ drinks | eats ] my milk in the evening . There does n't seem to be enough after work 
Eat fewer little steamed buns . Too much sugar 
Um um . I found it so as well 
Powdered milk , she drinks . The organic capacity is high in what I buy her . =Someone brought two bottles of goat milk . I mixed it together for her . She drank it too 
Are you working now ? 
Yeah 
Heh heh . Busy now ? 
Bustling 
What are you doing now ? 
Over here at Sunshine 100 . Also doing administration 
Very close to your home 
Yeah . Ten minutes by battery powered bike . Hehe 
Still operating loans now ? 
Yes 
HiTeam exists for doing such things 
Haha . Have May wages been issued yet ? I still have a loan I have n't dealt with 
Yours seems to be withheld because it has n't been dealt with 
Oh , oh . I 'll go handle it when I have time . My money [ emoticon ] 
Yes . Hurry and get it taken care of then your wages will be issued 
Seems to only be due to the loan issue 
Right . But have to call Director Zhang . Some money ca n't be dealt with by me . Are there new loans now ? 
I do n't know anything about this 
Actually , been watching Teacher Yang go out all day long 
Haha 
[ emoticon ] Elder brother , I have two female colleagues who are looking for boyfriends , tell me if you have suitable guys 
And me , too 
So many … … are you group purchasing boyfriends ? 
Right 
But they are not natives , and their family conditions are very good 
The salaries are high , too 
I know only those two right now … 
Old left - over men 
One is 22 years old , 168 cm ; the other is 27 years old , 160 cm 
What ’s the situation for the unmarried man ? 
Born in 1980 , and opened a baby swimming gym 
Is n’t this the divorced one ? 
I want the unmarried one 
This is the unmarried one 
Both the unmarried and the divorced were born in 1980 
Right , what does the unmarried do ? 
Can you please ask the man 
Introduce the 160 cm girl to him 
She is not a native 
160 cm … … It ’s a bit too short 
He is 180 cm tall 
[ emoticon ] 33 years old 
Is it OK to find a girl who is 11 years younger ? 
Oh 
Dress high heels , then 
I forgot the age 
The 1987 girl is 160 cm high 
She can wear high heels 
Come on 
The kid can not wear high heels when she is born ! 
Come on 
What if she resembles the father ? 
Come on 
What if she does not resemble the father ? 
Come on 
Forget it 
If the dad is short , only one kid will be short ; if the mom is short , all kids will be short 
Come on 
OK , I ’ll call him 
LOL 
Where did you learn this ? 
I hate you 
Go and find one quickly ? 
Do n’t forget me , your younger sister … . I love optimistic guys [ emoticon ] 
What car brand is Lang ? 
What ? 
Jaguar 
Do you mean this ? 
Do n’t you like guys who drive Lang ? 
Can you stop messing around ? 
Oh , right , are you talking about Lavida , hoho 
I happen to drive Lavida 
How does the 160 cm girl look like ? 
I ’ll show you 
Nana 
Heh heh . Went on your blog today and read many articles 
Haha , I ’m too lazy , and do n't write every day . Occasionally I feel moved to write a few lines online 
How about you ? 
Have you written any ? 
Haha , I write on the little notebook you gave me 
I think Nana is really an extraordinary woman 
Oh ! This is good too ! Good habits . Maintain them 
[ My God | I 'm fainting ] … .
I also saw the article you wrote about Li Wenjun 
Haha , I think you 're very adorable , [ heh heh | kaka ] 
What are you doing ? 
Chatting with your senior schoolmates again ? 
No 
Just read a news article 
Very shocking 
A plane crash 
I know . Saw it in the afternoon 
Over 100 passengers were Chinese 
... 
It ’s so scary 
[ Huazhong University of Science & Technology | Hua Tech ] was flooded 
Yes 
Wuhan had a two - day rainstorm 
Zisong was completely flooded 
Sob , sob 
Today , I prepared for class in the morning . Leading a summer camp on July 8th , which is next Monday 
Rested in the afternoon and then read a book 
I was tired to death in the past two days 
What did you do ? 
I was cleaning , and inviting guests to eat , and my menstrual period came 
Wow … 
Oh ! 
Right 
Did Little Ding come too ? 
Yeah . Then we went to Yuanyuan 's house together in the afternoon to eat barbecue 
You cooked all of it ? 
Yes 
Oh 
So awesome .. 
So many dishes .. 
Heh heh 
How did Little Ding react ? 
Just went to take a phone call 
He ate in silence 
Then on the way back from Yuanyuan 's house , he said the whole table of food you cooked today was nevertheless quite professional 
Then he also said , in fact if you want to invite guests home in the future and do n't want to be too tired , you must be good at using the oven 
Hoho , right !! 
You can avoid a lot of trouble 
Yeah . I said I wanted to cook it myself as it shows more sincerity 
But I ca n't produce so many kinds of flavors 
That dish was braised pork ribs 
Actually I was also thinking it 's the first time Ding has eaten my cooking . So I wanted to cook it better 
Sigh 
In the end he just gave me this one sentence 
Haha 
So awesome , looking at it 
I wonder if he could taste your painstaking efforts 
Never mind , I 've done all that I should 
Let nature take its course 
Will you still be very busy tomorrow ? 
You bet . What is it ? 
Haha . Yeah . Preparing for the test 
I start leading the summer camp next week . Then ldc has to go to work too 
So there 's not much time for revision 
Next week I 'll be another year older 
Hahaha 
I saw that there 's been a lot of development in your research . Very happy for you 
Yeah , has the test time been set ? 
Nana is really great 
Not yet . In September , I guess 
It 's a computerized test over here 
GRE in September ? 
Oh ! 
So anytime is fine 
Right ! 
My younger brother is also preparing now 
Taking the test again ? 
Right ! 
Yeah 
His English foundation is poor 
Your birthday is on Monday , then 
Tuesday 
Haha 
It would be Tuesday over here ? 
Yeah 
Yeah . Does Ding know ? 
No idea if he knows or not 
As he wishes 
It seems like a song lyric … 
Haha 
Yeah 
Now the more grown - up I become , the more indifferent I am to this 
Danlei is going to be another year older 
Yeah . It ’s quite good like this ! 
Yeah . I did n’t read your journal , and was unaware that you matured so much 
Only when I read it did I find out 
Haha 
[ Oh my God | my mother ] ... 
Which articles have you read that evoked such strong feelings in you ? .. 
I read very many articles 
Because previously I had not seen you write your [ personal introspective essays | mood essays ] before 
After reading , I thought you simply came alive before my eyes , in the blood and flesh 
Heh heh [ emoticon ] 
Besides , you have read so many books 
You even made me , a liberal arts student , feel inferior 
Hoho . That was so shallow of me , did n't even read systematically . When I see things that interest me , I just write online 
You can also treat it as sorting out your study notes 
The books you read must certainly be very systematic and numerous ! 
I feel you have =lived very fully . I 'm thinking how can such a small body have such a great ability , able to learn such difficult things , and then also read literature , philosophy , and also do yoga , =piano , swimming , and running 
Piano 
I saw that your state of mind is so good 
It also gave me a lot of motivation . Hope I can find a state of mind like that again too 
I 've been feeling so low spirited in recent days 
Oh , due to the busyness at work ? 
Or it ’s the pressure , confusion 
Then mental and physical exhaustion 
Some things that you wrote about , such as at the ground floor of the library 
Thinking about what it is that you actually want 
Yeah . No problem . Just wait until this kind of state passes . Find a method for release . Do n't think too much . Do n't give yourself too much pressure ! 
I think I 'm just not clear on this point 
The ground floor of the library ? 
What ? 
Also your enthusiasm for academics and the fear of encountering troubles in - between were all very resonant 
(( Yayaya )) 
You said it was easy to get tired when you sit for long periods in the office 
Oh !!!! 
On the library 's ground floor , with the mobile phone turned off , and facing the computer , you feel very free . You have time to think about what it is that you want 
… .. 
Right . That kind of state is especially good 
It 's really very quiet at that moment . It is empty within your head , and you only think about the feelings in your heart 
Yes 
I think moments like these are often necessary 
I think you should also have that kind of feeling every time you pray !! 
Haha 
Oh no 
When praying , it 's all given to God , but you ca n’t hear the voice of your own heart either 
Oh … It ’s so sacred 
..... 
It ’s just like you 're speaking to a person 
Wow .. 
During that moment you want to hear his response 
So it 's not the same way as yours 
Nana . I 'm sleepy . You said that you sleep early and rise early every day now 
What time do you usually sleep and what time do you rise ? 
..... 
[ Frustrated | brightness ] 
I strive to sleep at 12 o'clock , but every time I =video chat with Pan Zhigang it drags on until about 1 o'clock 
I get up in the morning before 8 o'clock .. 
Wow 
I 'm trying hard to adjust now 
You have to make it earlier for work , right ? 
Truly an abundance of vigor 
Nevertheless it 's best not to be later than 12 o'clock 
Although I do too 
Hurry and go video chat with him 
After the video chat , you can go to sleep early 
Okay , you have a good rest ! Do n't let yourself get too tired 
Xiao Zhou , I have received the contract 
OK , Xiao Fo , I have seen it : ) 
OK , waiting for good news from you 
Xiao Fo , please tell me your opinion where I should end the first book , send me your opinion 
How many characters ? 
Do n’t consider the character count , just tell me you opinion , usually it is about 300,000 characters 
Well , let me think for a while 
I ’ll tell you what I think later 
OK 
Xiao Zhou , my suggestion is this : the first six or seven volumes should be one book 
OK , I see , Xiao Fo 
If it ends with the =sixth volume , readers will have some anticipation for the revival of Duo Duo , and the character count is just OK 
If it ends with the seventh volume , Sir Hu Pi Pao has come and is going to save the Junior Uncle 
OK , good , Xiao Fo , your opinion will be an important reference to us for the volume division . Please consider how the volumes should be divided for the first three books .
OK , I can take the chance to sort my thoughts 
I ’ll give you my opinion in a couple of days 
OK 
You 're Sunday night at 7:30 now , right ? 
Right 
Worked for one week ? How does it feel ? 
Is it fun ? 
I set Seattle time on my cell phone . Haha 
Not much to do on the first week 
Yeah . That 's usually the way it is 
Yeah 
What 's the name of that sister yesterday ? 
Wang Xu 
In which year was she born ? 
I guess she is no more than a few years older than me 
A few years older than me , I think , I am not sure either 
Oh , she looks like a nice person 
Can Little Cao =get paid a salary now by following him ? 
Little Cao is also worried about that , it 's very hard to make money from that in a year or two 
Exactly , 
Yesterday Little Cao told us that she would be doing just this in the next ten years 
It 's very good to have confidence 
it 's just that I do n't know whether they can expand their business 
It is very difficult 
Moreover , there will always be conflicts and differences when two people work together 
It is said the two people work together 
Little Cao has no stock nor technology 
Little Cao takes up 40 % , as it is said 
Is there any contract ? 
=Did n't Little =Cao put in any investment ? 
I do n't know 
You , as her husband , do n't care ? 
Is that sister a relative of Little Cao ? 
Or an ordinary =friend ? 
ordinary friend 
Not a relative , friend , I asked and Little Cao did not tell 
saying I do n't need to get involved 
Little Cao has nothing else to do anyway 
Oh 
When I was there yesterday , I actually felt Little Cao was quite capable 
That sister is also a nice person , if Little Cao wants to do it , just do it for now 
Yes 
That sister is quite a nice person , but is much more sophisticated than us 
After all , she has been operating a company with her husband for many years 
=She and her husband have been operating two companies for more than ten years 
Two companies ? 
But her personality is that of a typical strong woman , very domineering , you wo n't feel comfortable after being with her for a long time 
No 
I made a typo just now 
Her marriage is not happy , and her husband and she did not get along well emotionally 
Divorced ? 
No , but he is very much prejudiced against men 
she 
Yesterday when we were having the massage , some people were holding a wedding downstairs in the park , she said =another girl was cheated . My first reaction was that this woman 's marriage was definitely not good 
In general , when women make such a remark , they are all dissatisfied with their marital status 
They often say all men are jerks 
Sigh , but there are still good men , hehe 
Hehe 
You are considered a good man 
It 's just that many men are playboys and they do n't want to take =responsibility , which hurts the hearts of women 
But =she constantly says such things to Little Cao 
She is deeply wounded 
This is not good 
No wonder Little Cao said in front of us last time that she was worried you would do this or that 
In fact there is no preventing this kind of thing , as long as you are good to the other person , it is fine 
Hmm 
Zhang Yong , there has n't been any evaluation yet regarding the fake order Little Cao placed for us 
The Internet connection at my workplace has some problem today . I just got online . Little Cao does n't know how to evaluate 
I 'll ask her 
OK , there is no rush , do it when you have time 
Does n't she want to open a store on Taobao . com ? 
She needs to study it thoroughly 
Hmm , =she registered an online store today 
Hehe , good 
Which one to choose ? 
All is fine 
But would the other person see your name or not ? 
Oh 
Have you seen it ? 
I saw it , thanks 
Boss Han , have you got up ? 
=What 's up ? 
Have you found another date ? I have a good girl 
How good ? 
Annual salary 200,000 RMB 
Beautiful 
Why are you talking about this ? I am not after her money 
I 'm just saying that she is =independent , and has her own economic foundation 
Independent 
Are you seeing her or not , I have her photo , wait 
OK .
LOL 
Shall I tell her you mobile number and let you contact each other ? 
What does she do ? What 's her relationship with you ? 
A friend of my friends 's 
What does she do ? 
Intermediate - level manager of Taishan Insurance 
In High - tech Industrial Development Zone ? 
I do n't know 
I can not hold this one 
Stop it ! Do n't talk like this again 
Seriously 
You have n't started yet , how do you know you can not hold her ? 
I know I can not hold her , so I will not start 
I will feel sadder if she runs away .
Why not just meet her first ? 
Maybe she 'd love to be held by you 
I know I can not hold her upon first glance .
Just meet her first , OK ? 
You do n't have to get together 
No. Not suitable . I know face reading .
Faint 
She has a very good temperament ! 
Show some confidence 
I do n't think this will work out .
Just meet her , [ save my dignity | give me some face ] 
This is nothing about dignity . Where is her home , and when was she born ? 
Her home is in Jinan , and her family has several houses , she was born in 1980 , and has been single all along 
Why are you talking about houses =again ? Am I after the houses ? 
Fuck , do n't you be so cynical ! Her introducer told me this , I am just relaying the message 
Stop talking about this , it would look like I am after this if I get together with her .
So embarrassing 
Born in 1980 and still not married , this girl must be very picky , too .
That depends , maybe she was hurt in a relationship and is waiting for you consolation 
Knock it off .
Xiao Xia , hehehe 〜 
Baby , I 'm sorry .. you [ ca n't escape from it | are shot ] , people who commented or favored or asked me about that state must pick a sentence and publish a state , 
You should be able to afford it if you play with it , you ca n't cheat in publishing state , pick one : 1 I 'm in love , please bless me . 2 It seems that I 'm falling in love with XXX , what should I do ? 
3 mother wants me to get married with XXX 4 It seems that I like XXX ( it must be a close friend of the opposite sex ) , what should I do ? 5 I forgot to wear my underwear today 6 I 'm going to show my love to someone , please support me 7 I stepped on shit when I went out today 
Xiao Xia , you [ ca n't escape from it | are shot ] , hahahahaha1 !!! 
Hahaha~ 
Xiao Xia~~I 'm going to read a book 
I will talk to you when I 'm free~~~ 
Ok~ 
I went to the Los Angeles Comic - Con a few days ago , I will send you the pictures if I have a chance~ 
0.0 
Ok~~~~~~~~~~ 
I 'm excited 
Hehe , you should go 
Ok~~ 
Network link is disconnected 
I am going to continue working by lamplight 
I will look for you next time for sure ! 
Oh ? Ok ok~~ 
Fighting , Yin Sang`~ 
I 'm going out too ! 
byebye~~ 
=Bye - bye , take care 
I 'm [ broke | ashamed of the purse ] after the purchase … 
Actually , you did n’t do anything wrong , either [ Dairy Cow | Nainiu ] . However , since you have admitted your mistake in good earnest , Big Boss will accept your sincere apology here ~ 
6 
…… 
I ’m going to kill you … 
I may be going to Shanghai in August ~ 
Sister Lei , did you graduate from Zhejiang Forestry University ? 
Yes , what 's up ? 
You also need to apply ? 
How can I =apply 
It 's an academy under your university 
Tianmu academy ? 
It 's the third batch of bachelor 
Yes 
Is =that school good ? 
I think the traffic is not so convenient to go to Linan 
You need to take a forty minutes ' bus in Hangzhou 
When will you fill the volunteer form ? 
On the 17th 
There are a few days left 
Why do n't you apply for Suzhou ? 
If you apply for Hangzhou , you should choose Xiasha , it 's quite convenient to go back home 
I like the school itself , but I do n't like Linan 
The scores of schools in Suzhou is more dangerous 
The score of the independent academy under the school you were in is lower 
It seems has been moved , it was in the downtown before 
What major are you going to apply ? 
There is only one business English type major in independent acamedy 
Others are gardens type 
Is the beautiful girl there ? Please help 
The jason wang who added me on Wechat is you ? 
Uh-huh 
What 's up ? 
Are you working now or operating a store on Taobao ? 
This avatar of yours looks the same either you are online or invisible 
I go to work now and also keep the store open on Taobao , but basically doing no sales anymore , hehe 
It 's like this , I bought a few earphones from overseas . If they go through customs in Hangzhou , they will 100 % surely be taxed . The chance of being taxed in Shanghai is very small . I 'm now inquiring the Hangzhou customs about it 
Are you saying you will mail them to Shanghai ? 
Two classmates from Shanghai are now both abroad 
Okay , how much is the tax ? 
Around 100 yuan ? The stuff is just 400 yuan in total 
Oh 
Then after your inquiry , let 's see where to mail them 
Is it convenient for you over there to receive ems shipment ? 
I can receive ems shipment 
But if you mail them to me here , write clearly on the express delivery form that they are earphones so that I wo n't open it by accident 
I normally have quite a few express deliveries 
Do you often receive express deliveries ? 
[ Emoticon ] I also have express deliveries every day , haha 
I often purchase things online , and also send manuscripts to the authors , all via express delivery 
Take a look at my store on Taobao 
You are working in your old chosen field , becoming an editor now ? 
Yes 
Are you now specialized in working as a purchase agent ? 
No , just doing some sort of reselling in my spare time 
So what do you purchase on behalf of other people ? 
Everything is fine 
as long as it is legal 
Oh 
The daughter of a teacher at our workplace is exactly specialized in working as a purchase agent in the U.S. 
Take a look at my store , I will give you a bottle of day cream as a gift 
Give your address to me , and let me send the earphones directly to your place 
I left a message at the Hangzhou customs two days ago and there is still no reply 
Haha , you do n't have to bribe me . It 's okay , I provide service free of charge 
It has been posted for several days now and I also sent a post on the forum . They have not been sold yet 
This unit seems to be very high - end 
Very impoverished 
Postal code , telephone 
Do n't you have the telephone number ? 
8671 ？ 
Yes 
Review it , editor 
It does n't seem to have any problem to me 
Fixed . I will leave you a message when the express delivery information is updated here 
OK 
Do n't stand on ceremony 
How are you doing now ? 
Still in Zhejiang , unable to buy an apartment so far 
Oh , long - term external assignment ? 
Then , what about your personal matter ? 
Not solved yet , waiting to go back to meet blind dates 
Good , you 've become the most desirable bachelor 
No apartment , no car , no savings , I am the poorest bachelor 
Do n't be too modest , nowadays mature men are in high demand 
Director , please check it 
Received , thank you 
You are welcome , Director 
Xiao Fo , add this ID " Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences Press " as your Weibo friend , colleagues from our press may interact with you once in a while . Besides , about the characters , we are still planning to collect ideas from the public , when will you be free for a chat ? 
Any time 
My colleagues and I have also seen the incident at Baidu Tieba , we are all for you , do n't be too upset , do n't let it affect your mood 
You already have some of the character cards , do n't you ? 
Can you use that ID to send me a private message ? Or @ me on my mobile 
OK , I 'll tell my colleague 
Later I 'll send a paragraph of advertisement on character card collection to you email , we 'll discuss after you 've read it 
OK 
Well , that was annoying 
I did not want to quarrel , but they said they had obtained the original authorization , they were deceiving readers 
The network society is like this , it tests the qualities of different people 
Besides , many people [ only pay attention to short - term interests | believe those who feeds them with milk are their mothers ] . So do n't really get angry . Quarrelling is quarelling 
Lu Lu~ Does you classmate at Qualcomm have any news ? ? [ emoticon ] 
I told him on that very day , and he said he was on it after he got back home that evening~ However he told me that the recommendation system of Qualcomm was not good , with very low efficiency . I 'll ask him again 
Well , OK OK . Sorry for troubling you~ 
It 's OK . I 'll ask him on the weekend 
Hello~~ 
How are you doing these days ? 
Same old , hoho~ There 's some work , but it 's just physical labor . I 'll just live with it , LOL 
Alas~~ how about your new hair style ? ? 
... Shame on me 
I lost my confidence after the haircut 
How about the photo you promised me ? 
Wait until my hair becomes longer . I do n't look very handsome yet right now ... LOL 
LOL , strikingly handsome 
Hope to astonish you with my handsomeness 
Well well 
I find that Zhang Hao 's life is a little licentious 
LOL , actually I have discovered that too 
He can even develop a relationship with colleagues 
I can barely stand it 
Male [ green tea bitch | whore that pretends to be pure and innocent ] 
LOL , so vivid 
We are going too far about Green Tea Bitch 
Not so proper in his case 
He has all sorts of adult videos in his place 
=Fuck , really ? 
Looks like that he is too lonely , and has nowhere to spend his money 
Right 
If he were in mainland China , he would definitely haunt places for massage and sexual services 
How about you ? ? 
His female friends look very high - quality 
... Captain , do n't ask such sharp questions . You do n't like talking about things that are too private , do you ? 
Right right , this is what has been confusing me all the time 
Why does he have so many beauties around him ... 
Maybe because he has a long leg 
LOL , this is a good reason 
Have you made any new friends ? 
Nope ... I am a complete rookie ... 
Well~ take it slow 
Alas , do n't be =like this . I am all alone now , and have n't been to work for one week ... 
Right , (( she went to the summer camp )) 
Well well , seems that I heard it from Doctor Tang last time 
The Captain is also in a lonely period lately , right ? 
You can harass Fu Shuai 
I talked with him for a while on Monday 
Right , but he always pours out on me 
What does that mean ? 
For example , once he came to visit me while I was having a cold , he talked something about the trust between two men 
I could n't help vomiting 
......... 
LOL LOL 
Well 
This cheap style of his 
You need to get used to it ... 
Yes , really cheap 
If he pours out on you , start disdaining him 
(( He would say his hair was almost all gone )) 
He also had diabetes 
LOL LOL I am laughing to death 
My head too hot while my chest is too told 
...... 
What a man 
Right , LOL LOL 
Why did n't you go to work last week ? On holiday ? 
The National Day 
Thursday and Friday were both holidays 
Well , OK 
I 'm going to sleep 
One more day 's work tomorrow 
So early ! 
Hoho 
It 's weekend again 
Right , I go to bed very early lately 
I 've had sufficient sleep , hoho 
So good night , then~~~ 
This is my happiest time of the day 
Well well~~ 
Xiao Cao , I have sent it to you , check it out and tell me if you have any questions 
OK 
Let me come and copy from your computer , the transfer speed on QQ is so despairing 
The specific dimension 135 * 95 , is n’t it the dimension of the paper ? When we started designing the electronic version , did n’t we say the size was A6 , with the proportions marked out ? 
Someone has already started talking about book signing , orz 
Where ? 
No , I mean they will come to the book signing 
Where is this author ? Can we invite him to organize a book signing event ? 
Hoho , I am asking where is the discussion ? Is it on douban . com ? 
If necessary , I think the author will come 
On Weibo 
Fan Fan ’s advertising really works , LOL~ 
It ’s just that pictures Fan Fan took much time to made can not be uploaded , because douban . com restricts the size of pictures , orz 
Oh oh , can we compress it with the software ? 
Software like Neoimaging 
The words will be blurred after compression , there is no way orz 
OK , let me try 
What ’s the size restriction on douban . com ? 
Picture size should not exceed 3 MB 
I have saved his picture as a new file , it is only several hundred Kbytes 
Take a look , it looks quite clear to me 
OK 
I ’ll come over 
OK 
Pure text version 
I modified some contents , take a look , if there 's no problem , I 'll publish it on the website 
I think the first sentences are not needed , would you ask the leader ? I do n't know about this , either 
OK 
Final version http://www.sass.org.cn/skycbs/newsarticle.jsp ?dinji=235&artid=91042&sortid=526 
I have consulted the director 
I 've also changed the third article 
A little 
OK 
I 've seen it 
Hello , did you receive this month 's salary ? 
Received 
It should have arrived in June 
Has yours not arrived yet ? 
Mine has n't arrived yet 
I do n't know why ? 
Do you know the phone number ? 
I 'll check for you 
Thanks 
What date does yours normally get posted on the account ? 
The 6th 
You should go ask 
Thanks a lot 
Do n't mention it 
Yea 
What are you guys doing ? 
Dad just now finished half of what he was saying then there was no response 
What is he doing ? 
Just now someone called him to tell him something , so he went to the office 
Oh 
Tomorrow I 'm going to a city in Delaware for training 
I 'm going for three weeks , staying at a seaside hotel all expenses paid 
I 'm at home , I went in the morning to pick grapes with Teacher Yang 's family , haha , her family 's grapes have grown on the anti-theft bars on the west side of our house , they had people come pick them 
What training ? 
Who organized it ? 
A Chinese project from the U.S. government to train Chinese teacher 
How much is the fee 
The University of Delaware and a local school district 
Haha , we do n't have to pay , all expenses are paid and there is a per diem 
It is a project I applied for at the end of May 
Oh , organized by a government organization 
I 'm going to check STARTTALK 
Oh , that 's pretty good 
STARTALK 
I misstyped just now 
Yea 
They just chose 6 people 
Trainees 
During the first week an experienced Chinese teacher will train us , and during the second and third weeks we will lead a local summer camp with the teacher 
As an intern 
Then after the training can they arrange for you to teach at the school ? 
Of course I will be more competitive than now 
I did n't have much experience teaching children before 
I always taught adults 
I can use the hours from the class and internship to apply for a teaching license in this state 
What would you be teaching ? 
5 - 12 year - old American students 
Oh , if you can get a teaching license you 'll have an advantage in teaching in schools 
This place is by the ocean 
It 's very pretty 
Do n't you prefer not to teach children ? 
Yea , when Li Yi participated in the University of Pennsylvania 's startalk , they taught secondary school students 
Yea , but this is a good opportunity to learn 
Because I use adult methods to teach them , the results are n't good 
Yea , is that state near Philadelphia ? 
So I 'm really down 
Ding Guoliang is in this state , but not in this city 
It 's 2 and a half hours by car from Philadelphia 
Oh , that 's pretty close , then you can see Little Ding 
Haha , it 's farther for him to drive to this place than to Philadelphia 
It only takes him one hour to get to Philadelphia 
It takes an hour and a half to get there 
But tomorrow he will come get me in Philadelphia , then take me there 
Because I have luggage 
That 's not bad , he happily agreed , haha 
Then be sure to take care of the power plugs in your house and lock your doors and windows , be safe 
Yea , I know 
Haha , that 's pretty good 
Be sure to check the weather there , bring enough clothes 
I do n't feel bad asking him for help now 
Feels like my family , haha 
Long sleeves and short sleeves , yea , being natural is good 
Yuna joked and said when the time comes I can marry someone as a member of his family , haha 
Because we 're from the same university I always feel he 's closer than others 
Haha , yea , you 're both from the same place and the same university , this feeling of closeness is very strong 
And as time goes on you will see him as a reliable partner , and you will think of him first for help or 
Yea , he 'll help if he can 
The church can do the rest 
American training is different than Chinese , training here all costs money , there you do n't have to pay and they also give you a per diem 
A great policy 
It 's not bad , tomorrow he 's driving one hour to get here , then an hour and a half to take me to my hotel , then back to his house , four hours total 
Haha , the government 's money 
Two and a half , wrong , five hour total 
Gone most of the day 
American government education is pretty good , tomorrow you have to trouble Little Ding , have him eat at your destination before you let him leave 
I 'll treat him to lunch 
I thought I would get to the hotel at three o'clock p.m. 
So I would have to report in when I arrived 
We 'll see 
Yea , today he 's helping others move and driving 
Very helpful 
Oh , you can treat him to lunch 
Then he 's a very nice person 
Yea , he 's a good person 
If he 's good then keep him , do n't miss the opportunity 
Am I keeping him now ? 
Did that Shanghai International Studies University guy contact you ? 
No 
I still think it 's strange 
Now you are staying ordinary friends 
Oh , you add him then 
It 's really good this way 
I 'll consider whether to keep going once I know what I 'm doing 
I do n't have his qq 
Why should I be the one to add him ? 
Maybe he 's very busy , because the school is enrolling new students now , the admissions office is very busy 
Oh 
OK 
Really 
Oh , yea , her aunt asked for your qq 
He 's a guy and he 's not in a hurry 
I 'm a girl , what should I be in a hurry about ? 
Now is the recruiting season , submitting files , very busy 
Because he 's in the school 's admissions office 
Haha , no , I 'm just asking 
I 'm very busy too , OK ? 
Are n't you coming back to Philadelphia in early August ? 
Yea 
I finish on August 2nd 
Ding 's birthday is on August third 
Are you living alone or with others ? 
Two to a room , each person has a queen bed 
Oh , then will you celebrate Little Ding 's birthday with him then return to Philadelphia ? 
We 'll see 
Oh , both are big beds 
He was too busy to come for my birthday 
Or send a gift 
Apart from sending a text greeting he did n't say anything , sigh 
Yea , I will 
No matter what , he has helped me a lot 
So I should send something 
I do n't know what to send 
Yea , yes , what do guys like ? 
I really do n't know what to buy 
For a guy at this age 
A necktie , a pen , or a bottle of wine will work 
Too expensive , I ca n't afford it 
I guess a pen 
He does n't really drink 
Oh , then find something cheap , just to show your feelings 
I also do n't know how to pick one out 
Yea , it 's not necessary , he 's not your boyfriend 
So it should n't be too expensive 
We 'll see 
I 'll ask Yuna 
Yea , just to show a little thanks 
Do n't spend a whole lot 
Of course it wo n't be too expensive , you are just ordinary friends 
I know 
Just get a little thing 
Your relationship is a little better 
Or you can go to his place and cook a few dishes and have fun with his roommates , then you have to ask for Little Ding 's opinion 
Forget it 
I 've already cooked at my home and invited him 
I ca n't really go to =his place to cook 
It would be like I was the host 
I 'll ask him how to spend it 
If he does n't say anything , I can just give him my gift 
I wo n't be too forward 
It 's nothing , wait to decide 
I know 
Now I know that if girls are too forward , most of the time it does n't end up well 
You can be forward in having him act for you 
Then what about your LDC work ? 
But you do n't want to be obvious in making him do too much 
I 'll do it online 
Yea , right , oh , you can still work online during your training ? 
Yes 
It 's no problem if I ca n't do it 
After all , I 'm going to learn 
Sigh , you really do n't have any free time , my daughter , you are always working so hard 
Haha 
Lift is n't easy after all 
Haha 
I ca n't talk anymore 
OK , are you leaving tomorrow or the day after tomorrow ? 
Tomorrow 
Noon 
I 'm going to get ready for bed 
Today 's work was pretty tiring 
Oh , then hurry and get the things you will bring in order , rest soon , sleep well , set off tomorrow with good spirits 
OK 
You all take care 
I hope everything goes well 
Yea 
Take good care of yourself , take care of your health , in particular be safe 
OK , bye bye 
Teacher , do you have information on impedance spectrum ? I 'm still unable to find a link between the meaning of the spectrum and the physical and chemical phenomena that correspond to the battery 
I do n't understand batteries and spectrum well enough 
I do n't have any here 
There is a book in the library 
I think it is Principles and Applications of Impedance Spectrum 
You can also search the literature 
OK 
I 'll go out for a while 
It is also mentioned in the book on fuel cell written by Yang Minfang from University of Science and Technology Beijing 
OK 
I 've read them all 
Useless , no detailed information 
In that case , look for that book 
Do you want to go to eat hot and sour rice noodles after work ? 
I 'm already at home 
Oh 
For that product of ours , you can just write " very good , I like it " 
And then give a 5 - point good review 
OK 
Are you at the company today ? 
Yes 
Are you going to eat hot and sour rice noodles ? 
I 'm not going to . I 've bought cooked food at Guangming Village 
I 'll go home to eat 
Oh , OK 
Next time then 
OK 
I heard from Little Zhou that you have got good news , congratulations ! 
You should take care of yourself in the first three months 
[ emoticon ] Thanks , my dear 
Yes , you take good care too . Let our babies be engaged later on [ emoticon ] 
I checked it , it 's a younger sister 
Oh , congratulation ~~ a younger sister is good , a little beauty 
It has been hot lately . You may not have a good appetite , but it does n't matter . Do n't be nervous , drink more water and eat some fruits 
As long as you have normal diet , it 's fine 
Other people say that based on the timing of my conception , it may also be a girl . I have also prepared for a girl 
Indeed I have a rather poor appetite and feel sick even drinking water . But I have to bear it as there is no choice anyway , hehe 
No problem , it will be fine 
Do n't eat hawthorn fruit and black fungus 
Do n't eat anything that is hot and stimulates blood circulation 
Hmm , OK . I finally realized how you were feeling at noontime in the cafeteria ! 
If you are afraid you will not get sufficient nutrition , it is also okay to appropriately take some folic acid , vitamin and DHA supplements 
I 've also taken folic acid , vitamins and the like . I took them all by forcing myself to , and got an upset stomach . Now that you have a big belly , how are you going to sleep ? 
Sleep on the left side 
Sometimes I sleep well , and sometimes I do n't sleep well 
These days are just right for me to make up for some sleep during the day 
My sleep is still considered quite good 
I am getting used to it gradually 
Perhaps it is due to human nature 
Hmm , it is best that you can have a good rest 
Have you told your leaders ? 
No , it was confirmed only on Saturday 
Hmm , tell later , do n't tell until it is confirmed 
Actually , I 'm thinking , it does n't seem to make much difference if I tell them or not ... 
If you do n't need to take a rest , you actually do n't need to tell them 
I do n't have anyone at home now , and I do n't want to stay at home by myself in the daytime , either 
You see , I only started to come to work late from my fourth month . Anyway , this has always been the rule , and the leaders will definitely approve 
Apart from that , there is n't any difference . If my foot had not been injured this time , making it inconvenient for me to move around , I would have been coming to work every day as usual 
Hmm , I think the leaders would also approve 
I am also working from home now , and there is no difference 
They would 
Moreover , you will just go to work on Tuesday and Friday =next year 
For me , my husband now gives me a ride on the way when he goes to work . Whenever he goes to work , that 's the time I leave home 
next year 
Yes 
I 'm also thinking that way 
Tuesday and Friday , coming at 9 o'clock and still getting full attendance 
I can work on Tuesday and Friday by November 
That 's correct 
At present , there has always been deduction from my full attendance 
Tuesday and Friday will start in December 
Hey , it was all because of the evil of (( that slut )) 
Did you report to work exactly on December 1 of last year ? 
Little Zhou told me that Huang in your office comes every day but only punches the time card on Tuesday and Friday 
I remember reporting on November 1 ? 
Could it be December ? 
12.1 
Your IQ has apparently gone down 
Sigh ~~ I 've now got an excuse ~~ 
Your IQ has climbed back 
I 've been curious , Huang actually does not need to come every day 
She ca n't be considered a new editor 
She used to work as an editor too 
Previously , I heard from the teacher in our office that she could not come back as she quit her job rather than kept her job without pay 
I know this 
but ours is now a company 
Our new editor is the one who is in the first year at our company 
They can just sign a new labor contract 
It should be so . Liu Jia is also like that 
Yes , it is not a public institution anyway 
At that time Wang Qin should be like this too , but she gave up because nobody was taking charge 
God knows 
Haha 
There is another reason that Huang comes every day 
Ying always wants to find someone to do the work 
If there is nobody in the office , he will feel bored 
So , as soon as Little Zhou told me Huang is back , I said it was rather good 
I forgot from whom I heard it that Huang does not like Ying 
Ah , I see they seem to get along pretty well 
Gosh 
Yes , ⊙ ﹏ ⊙b gosh 
That day Liu Jia said , we 're going to be divided into two editing rooms in future . She also asked me if I had seen the document 
I said I did n't . She said that after the old editor left , we were going to be divided into two large editing rooms 
That girl 's conduct is also okay . Previously when she came back , she was very friendly and even asked Ying whether her return was welcome 
This is possible 
In this case , it 's possible that Ying is one and Shi is the other , and two directors will hail from your office 
You see that notice on competition - based recruitment , in the future there will be two editing room directors 
Ah ! 
I did n't see it ! 
Gosh 
It 's just that one that was sent by the leaders by mistake and sent to you first 
You see , among the positions , there is one editor - in - chief and two editing room directors 
Hey ! 
Analyze it yourself 
Director Ying and Director Shi , which one do you choose ? 
Damn , that 's not something I can choose 
Liu Jia told me to choose , I said , is it okay that I do not choose ? She said , no ! I was about to cry right on the spot ! 
However , there is actually no one at our place who is qualified to be an editing room director 
We should be able to have a try ourselves 
For example , if I have to choose , I 'll just choose Shi 
I have worked with both before , and I really do n't care 
But Shi hates market - based books 
It was said so , Shi wo n't look into these private matters , I suppose 
It would be different once Shi becomes a leader , right ? 
That 's true ... 
He who is not in a particular office has nothing to do with plans for administration of its duties 
I 've suddenly become sentimental 
Is this how a pregnant woman behaves ? [ emoticon ] 
Teacher Lu was originally a representative of female employees . After he left , it was said that Shi was told to take the job , but there was no official appointment either .
But as soon as Lan Tian gave birth to her baby , Shi organized them to pay a visit to Lan Tian 
When I sprained my foot , she also called to comfort me 
Oh 
This shows she is not someone who leaves things unattended 
She is actually quite responsible 
At least has the desire to take care of things 
OK 
But the way she looks when managing people is rather horrible 
However , it is hard to tell how things will turn out under her management 
Hahahaha 
My beautiful dream 
It will be fine 
You just do n't worry and take care of your unborn baby now 
For the rest , let them be 
Haha 
You 've also got work at hand to do 
Yes , let the leaders take care of these worries 
The leaders wo n't drive you away either 
Moreover , you are a pregnant woman 
You know , based on my free spirit , I am most scared of being managed by others [ emoticon ] 
In that case , you should work hard and become an editing room director at an earlier date 
By the way , you still have to take the exam in October 
Gosh , a free element is also unable to manage people , okay ? 
Yes , I found there are many things this year 
After you have done the exam , lend your books to me so that I can have a look 
Rest assured , all books will be given to you after I have taken the exam ! 
I will prepare myself in advance . I 'm getting old and my reading comprehension has declined 
OK , OK 
It should be unnecessary , right ? There are training classes 
But that day the president said the passing rate was even less than half , which gave me a big shock 
Next year I will even join several little friends in taking the exam . In case they pass it and I fail , it would be a real shame 
What he referred to must be the national one 
Even with that said , I still may not necessarily be able to pass the exam 
Did n't Li Hui say that Shanghai has the highest rate 
It 's even lower nationally , it 's just a bit over 30 % nationally 
Was he referring to himself ? ?? 
Er ... 
It seems that Huang should be taking the exam together with you guys , right ? 
He originally was at the junior level 
I do n't know . I was n't with her when registering 
Ah 
Who cares 
Let me take care of myself first 
I 'm reserving your books first 
I 'll review together with Little Zhou 
It 's best if we can be in the same editing room in future 
Good . Then I 'll draw lines well when the time comes and make a point of giving them to you when they are drawn 
Yes , I think we should be in an editing room where we can communicate with the leaders 
In this way , we can read each other 's manuscripts and be editors - in - charge 
Haha , yes 
In fact , if Wang Qin and Dong Hanling can serve as directors , it is also not bad 
My manuscripts will all be given to Ying , and he can not possibly assign them to you or Little Cao and the others 
I do n't want to be with him , either 
I actually think they two are more suitable than Shi 
That 's because they are both married and have children 
Yes , they are old enough 
and have enough qualifications 
Shi will get married and have a baby sooner or later , and will waste a year or two 
Right 
But Shi is on the institute 's permanent payroll , and I think the leaders will also take that into consideration 
Yes ... 
In any case , it has nothing to do with us 
We have to get the certificate by passing the exam these years 
and give birth to children 
guarantee to complete the target every year 
Haha , yes 
only then can we think of our career planning 
By the way , have you named your daughter ? 
Now , just a little friend 
I 'm thinking about it 
That 's right , the moment you said it 's a girl , I thought you have to rethink of a name 
My hubby wants to name her Gong Shihan and I want to name her Gong Shuhan 
Gongzhu ? 
Haha 
I feel that " Shi " sounds a bit rustic 
Or even " Zhugong " 
The two names are both pretty elegant 
I also feel that " shu " feels a bit better 
I 'm going to eat my lunch , you should remember to go eat too ~~ 
I 'll think about it again 
OK 
You go 
[ Bye - bye | 888 ] 
[ Bye - bye | 888 ] 
Are you there ? 
I 'm coming 
The book show shift schedule has come out 
When I was sending you the news this afternoon , Qiu had just come to see me . He said he had heard about my condition and was planning to arrange less work for me ... haha 
Later I could n't control myself and so tried to not to attend the book show 
Do n't go 
This book show has evening sessions , everyone works 12 hours a day , it 's very tiring 
You are still in the first three months and must be careful 
Yes , I also said so to Qiu . That 's why when he said I could go there every day a bit late , I flatly refused ... 
Have you been confirmed ? 
Confirmed : ) 
I saw it , a tiny embryo , already with a heart beat 
Hahaha 
This time I will really congratulate you 
It looks like the previous symptoms are not psychological . On Saturday I was even prepared mentally to be kicked by everyone 
It 's so hot these days , talk to your boss so you can come a bit late 
What 's being kicked ? 
Actually , I found if I come a bit late , it 's even hotter . It 's quite cool in the morning when my husband drives me here earlier , but he sometimes can not give me a ride . I can only come a bit late to avoid the rush hour 
That 's true . It 's best that your husband can give you a ride . If he can not , you should never come early by taking the crowded subway at the rush hour 
Right , fortunately , the subway has set a limit on passenger flow . Earlier my boss agreed to avoid that period of time , otherwise I would really squeeze myself into the subway train during the previous time that I did n't know this 
Uh-huh , in short , be careful about everything now 
Yes , thank you , dear [ emoticon ] 
Do you have wide tapes ? 
I 've some 
Big ones ? 
Yes 
Can you come to my office ? 
The shift schedule is out , none for you 
Just now Little Zhou from finance told me that she has been scheduled for three days 
Earlier when talking to Qiu , Yu Xi already said you should not be scheduled . That Qiu said he knew it and he even came over to talk with you about it for a while 
I have two days , and Little Zhou does n't have three days , does she ? 
Right , he was thinking if it could be scheduled , it should be scheduled . He said he was thinking of scheduling at least two days .
It seems that except Lin Fanfan and Cao Aida who have got three days , some people in the publishing division have four days , the rest all have two days 
Little Zhou got three days and is feeling depressed now 
Her home is particularly far away . It is even scary to get off from the subway train into darkness at 9 o'clock at night 
Ah , I did n't read it carefully and it was taken away again 
Could n't she talk with the head of the publishing house ? 
How about several people go to talk with the head of the publishing house together ? 
Working such long hours in a row in summer , it means we 're going to lose weight collectively 
The store for the skirt is called : Lingzi 's Pretty Clothes 
May I ask where you live ? 
Excuse me , teacher , do you still need furniture ? 
Yes 
Where do you live ? 
I ’m sorry , but I forgot what I was planning to buy from you . Could you please remind me ? 
Is it the bed ? 
Near Studio Green .
I have bookshelves , shoe racks , table lamps , notebooks , hanging storage bags , humidifier , etc. 
Oh , I remember . No , thank you . Because you live quit far and there are no large pieces of furniture , it ’s quite troublesome to go and see them in person .
Chairs , umbrellas , cooking utensil , square table 
I can take photos . I do not live far . It takes a very short time by school bus 
No , thank you . I need to settle down the large pieces first 
Sure 
Welcome to UD 
Hi , Haiyan . The translator of that book on the history of art has contacted me . Since the quotation is rather high , we are now negotiating the price with him . I 'll let you know once it is finalized . In addition , the translator is a group of four people . They are asking whether you can provide the book in its English original and its electronic version for reference . Do you have them ? 
OK ! I mailed two copies of the original book , split into two mailings . In general , we only provide two sample books for books to be translated . So , I 'll talk to the Renmin University Press again to get the previous sample books back . They may be a bit worn - out , but should be fine for translators to use 
The electronic version needs to be paid for , HK $ 1,170 per book . Moreover , the American side will not give it until the official contract comes out 
Hmm , OK . It 's =best to have books . I 'll try my best to finalize the price with the translator in the next two days .
OK .
If the electronic version is not available , do n't worry for now . I 'll explain the situation to the translator first 
OK . As for the electronic version , after your selection of the topic has been approved and we have signed the contract , we will be able to request it from the American side . Of course , the publishing house needs to consider the cost , and make the request when it thinks it is indeed necessary .
Hmm , exactly ~~ 
Haiyan , the price has been finalized with the translator , and we 're now just waiting for the approval from the publishing bureau : ) 
That 's great ~~· 
The chapter page is done 
Still there ? 
Should be alright 
The third trial is almost over already 
Great . I sent it to your mailbox 
QQ mailbox ? 
Yes 
I 've received it 
Thanks 
It 's my job . Hehe 
Dear , How is the food at the ecological park ? 
I see there is a group purchase online now 
So - so . Quite greasy . But the environment is good 
Have you applied for the school ? 
It turns out my application is not on today 
The 24th 
What is it ? 
Today is the date for the application of the pre-approved 
Well , you ’ve even got this wrong 
How about the qualification scores ? 
438 for science subjects , and 468 for art subjects 
I do n’t get it 
Qualification score for the undergraduate degree course ? 
What ’s your score ? 
Seems that the pre-approved are all public security and similar universities 
464 
Right , score for the undergraduate degree course 
That ’s nice 
Are universities and university colleges differentiated ? 
It ’s just OK 
They are not differentiated 
That ’s good 
This is the qualification score for university colleges 
(( No average universities are available . )) It depends on the university 
No average universities ? 
So you can only apply for university colleges ? 
Yes 
The score for average universities should be over 500 
Well , are you applying for a college in Shaoxing ? 
Yes 
I may not be able to make it 
How about the major ? 
International trade , I =guess 
International trade again ? 
Is n’t your elder sister ’s major also this ? 
Yes 
But it seems difficult to find a job with this major 
Really ? Why ? 
Then why do you choose this major ? 
What else can I choose ? 
Choose a major that is more professional 
What is so good about international trade ? 
Which shall I =choose then ? 
LOL , I do n’t know either 
My major is not good , anyway 
By the way , what on earth is your major ? 
Are you asking me about my major ? 
Never ever choose my major , I really regret it 
What major did you choose that make you regret like this ? 
Food Science and Engineering 
Never heard of it 
But there is one good thing about it 
What ? 
You ’ve got free meals ? 
You can mess up the laboratory making yoghourt , bread , and cakes , and buy many , many fruits for various experiments 
Well 
Why do n’t you come back and make something for us ? 
Alas 
I do n’t have the equipment when I come back 
And I was doing it for fun 
So what are you doing after graduation ? 
Nothing . I am doing things that have completely no connection with my major 
Well 
This is depressing , indeed 
Hello , Qiuguang 
Have you finished the statistics for the 12th games ? 
Not yet . I can not get in contact with the provincial team leader , so I do n’t have the results for the preliminaries , Section Chief Zhao 
Do you know how many players in Jinan pass the preliminaries ? 
Yes , but I ’m not sure . I learnt them when chatting with others . I wanted to confirm them altogether , but I could n’t reach anyone on the phone the entire afternoon 
Send it over and then confirm 
OK 
Confirm and send it again , thank you 
I ’ve made the call 
I ’ll send it to you when I ’m done 
OK 
Tennis is very special . There is no rank for the preliminaries , only the results for who entered the finals 
Only two players entered the finals on three items 
How many entered the finals on earth ? 
Five participated in the preliminaries , and two players entered the finals on three items 
Singles and Double for Tian Jingjing ; Singles for Sun Hongrui 
Among six players , only two entered the finals 
Among five players , only two entered the finals 
Then we ’ll report Tian Jingjing and Sun Hongrui 
OK , will do 
Are you there ? 
Yes ( Sent from WeChat : http://weixin.qq.com/q ) 
Ruisi called me 
What 's up ? 
Said they do n't intend to [ appoint | descend from the sky ] a finance manager , and asked me to go over and do accounting first 
Can they give you the price you asked for ? 
Will be promoted to manager based on work performance and business requirements 
I think it can be considered .
Wages are a little low 
3,500 + insurance after becoming official employee 
Our workplace is over four thousand , that day I asked . Weekends off 
But there are no openings recently 
That 's not high indeed 
About the same as I get now and one day off . I have no need to go over there 
I think his manager is just five thousand too ! 
Yeah 
Keep looking at others then 
If our workplace has any needs , I 'll let you know too 
We get two days off and do n't work early or late . It 's always nine to six 
The time is alright 
I 'm considering talking to Ruisi . I 'll do it if they give me 4,500 + insurance per month . Otherwise , forget it 
Alright 
See after you discuss it 
If it wo n't do then do n't switch 
Exactly 
It 's alright too if it 's two days off 
The work hours are too long 
Right , right 
If you have any needs on your end , consider me a bit 
Yeah 
I 'll keep an eye out for you 
My relationship with the finance manager is very good 
I 'm very indecisive about that thing with Ruisi 
But I 've already done these three things for four years now 
Yes 
Few vacations 
How much are the wages for finance at your place there ? 
Plus it 's a private owner 
Over four thousand 
Five insurances and one fund 
Your place there is very good 
Yeah 
I 'll keep an eye out for you if there 's any opportunity 
Yeah . There 's no problem on the business side 
Yeah 
Last Friday I had brown discharge . Then stayed at home in bed this week 
Had it again today 
Inject some progesterone 
Have to go to the hospital again in the afternoon 
I had to at that time 
Is it too manly ? 
Exactly 
Almost suffocated to death at home 
People 's hormone levels are all unbalanced now 
Going to die 
Did you have a reaction ? 
Chest swelled , sleepy 
Nausea and such 
Appetite changed a little 
The nauseous feeling was n't very strong .
Puked once yesterday . A little today 
The early stage is very uncomfortable 
Do n't want to eat and such 
It 's no problem if you ca n't eat . Do n't need to worry 
It 'll be alright after three months 
Um 
I 'm going to the hospital again for a checkup 
Going to the Provincial Hospital ? 
The person I found at first asked me to come back for observation 
Went to the Women ’s & Children ’s Hospital last time .
I think you should inject some progesterone 
Planning to go to the Provincial Hospital today 
I think so too 
I recommend you seek Chen Yanqin 
The old lady is very experienced 
Oh 
Okay 
She is a veteran expert that returned to work after retirement 
I 'll go over and see which days Chen Yanqi sees patients 
Later , just go over for checkups when she is seeing patients 
Are you going today ? 
It seems to be someone surnamed Liu today 
Zuo Changting is not bad either 
She 's the administrative director 
Yeah . My sister sought her for a C - section 
How was your checkup ? 
Getting the results in the afternoon 
The doctor said the ve he gave me does n't need to prevent a miscarriage first . Because the B - mode ultrasound ca n't see the gestational sac , they 're unable to determine if it 's intrauterine or ectopic 
Really ? 
Ca n't see the gestational sac at 38 days 
Asked me to do a B - mode ultrasound at 45 days 
Um . Might be earlier 
Take a look at the HCG doubling status first 
It 's possible to even be able to see the fetal heart at 45 days 
Actually , look at the doubling and you will know if it 's ectopic 
Yeah 
42 days today 
My guess is it is implanted late .
That 's possible 
Yeah . I 'll just stay at home 
Sigh . This is terribly suffocating 
I just called Ruisi . She said they ca n't even take off legal holidays there 
Dizzy … … 
You 'd better forget it then 
I brought up 4,500 . Ultimately , I said let 's both think it over a bit 
I think so too . The wages are about the same and the work hours are more 
Might as well sit at HiTeam for the time being 
Do n't rest on holidays . I 'm just doing it for the wages ; otherwise , I would n't be able to stand it 
Exactly 
In fact , [ Baby Lotus | Ou Bao ] is still a little small to change work now 
Time is more of a consideration at HiTeam after all 
Exactly , exactly 
The baby comes first now 
Put it off until you see a suitable one 
It was n't me who sent Ruisi my resume in the first place 
Yeah 
What did you give ? 
I bought [ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] some small clothes , they 're all very inexpensive , for her to wear for fun . Hehe , it 's her birthday , I do n't know what to buy for [ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] . I 'm afraid the quality of the toys I saw online wo n't pass 
You already bought enough things for [ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] 
There are n't even any good toys . Let [ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] wait until Aunt Sheng gets a hold of some financial power then buys very good things for [ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] 
Ok 
[ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] will cheer you on 
Um um . I 'm getting ready to hire [ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] to go beg for money for me , hahahaha 
Um . If [ Lotus Baby | Ou Bao ] goes she would laugh foolishly when she sees your mother - in - law 
Hehe 
And as a result mix my mother - in - law up with her laugh 
Um , that 's what I meant 
Elder brother , you are so early 
I 'm always early 
... I 'll give you a million for that 
I need to check the attendance 
Well 
You are very early , too 
Last time you said your friend wants to open a Grace Inn , or does he work in Grace Inn ? 
Yes , the baby is up early , so my entire family are up early 
He is the boss of Grace Inn 
Awesome 
Grace Inn belongs to Inzone Tourism Group , right ? 
Right ? 
Is he in charge of franchising ? 
I can ask him about it 
Thank you ! Help me ask him 
Me and several friends want to open a franchised inn 
Where is your location ? 
We are now observing the properties , and considering which one is better 
In Jinan , Tai'an or Zhangqiu , we are still researching 
This is a bit early , at least you should have a general idea of the location before I can ask 
Well 
That 's OK , too 
Otherwise it would be too rash and he might be offended 
I have n't decided which brand to join yet , Home Inn or Grace Inn 
Yes , it 's not proper , indeed 
We should ask him after the preparation is almost done 
Lei Kai 
Yes ? 
It should be OK if you ask him in a roundabout way 
Sure 
Seems that you can enter the franchising application procedure after you have found the property 
Business is easier if you have someone above to look after you 
Right right , jumping the queue or something 
LOL 
It sure is 
You need to hurry up , it 's said that they provide preferential conditions if you join this year 
Do it early if you want , now the entire economic situation is not good , so you have a good advantage while bargaining with the property owner 
Right 
How is Seattle ? 
Very good 
I think you two should come here in the future 
Shit 
How good 
Shit 
How good 
~ 
How 's the weather ? 
It 's actually very good . It very rarely rains , and very little when it does rain . Plus it 's summer recently and has n't rained 
Temperature ? 
Over 20 degrees 
Quite cold in the morning and evening 
Sunlight ? 
Always has it recently . Has n't rained 
Sister Wei , my colleague is going over to find you around 2:30 in the afternoon to get the Water Babies 
Can it be a little earlier ? 
About what time ? 
Is before 2 o'clock alright ? I have a training at 2 o'clock in the afternoon 
Okay . I 'll ask her 
Do you still want 2 boxes of maternity DHA ? 
Yes 
It happened that 2 extra boxes of sugar were given to me that day . I have n't taken them back to her yet 
So I ’ll just give them to you all together then 
Okay 
I told her . She 'll see if she can hurry over before 2 o'clock then she 'll go get it . If not , she will go get it when I go over 
Dear , I originally requested Director Qiao to pass it on to your colleague 
Director Qiao just said she 's busy in the afternoon and has to go out , so she just left the things at the front desk of Building C 
Oh , okay . I 'll let my colleague know 
Can she just go directly over and get it ? 
Okay 
Thanks 
This way your colleague can go over anytime . At the front desk , just mention Zhang Wenjuan 's name 
Front desk of Building C , ha 
Sorry , ha 
No problem . Trouble you every time 
Just happen to have a whole day of training today 
Haha , what you are saying could n't be a dream , it 's a fantasy tale , is n't it ? 
What are you doing ? Busy with work ? 
Haha , it 's indeed a dream . I 've just been to the bathroom 
But it 's really a TV drama series . If you go in to take a look , you will know how real it is 
Let me report a piece of news to you ~ 
I 'm now – you know what I mean ~ 
Oh , congratulations 
Hehe , thanks : ) 
I 'm so happy 
How long have you been ? It 's a pregnant woman 's dream 
Yesterday I logged onto weibo to view the photo of cathy , and I was thinking how wonderful it would be if my daughter could be this beautiful 
How do you know it 's a daughter ? 
It 's just the time we came back from Yunnan last time , and according to medical science , it 's seven weeks 
They say so , based on the time we had it 
and the shape of the embryo 
? 
It was said to be a female ? 
It is said if the embryo is round , it 's a girl . If it is oblong , it 's a boy 
Yes 
But I was confirmed pregnant only last Saturday , and I had n't seen any doctor before 
Just had something to take care of 
It does n't matter 
You ca n't be certain now whether it 's male or female 
So tiny , it wo n't be accurate 
In any case , spend more time staring at the photos of my son and daughter and do some prenatal education 
OK , I 'll go staring at the photos of cute boys and girls whenever I 've time 
Are you there ? Have you tried on the clothes ? 
No , I returned it 
What ? Too large ? 
The waist size of the clothes is written as 120 online , but it is actually only 80 , too much a discrepancy 
I want to buy a plus size 
Oh … Is n't it one size fits all ? 
How come it still has large and small sizes ? 
It 's one size fits all 
They did n't measure it right 
Then there was no other alternative but to return it . It looked quite large to me yesterday 
Wearing it shows a better effect 
Yesterday I also took a casual look , and it seemed to be about the same as my normal clothes size , so I just felt a bit odd 
The effect was okay , it made me look slimmer 
But I do n't want to look slimmer 
[ Emoticon ] most people want to look slimmer 
I bought it only when I saw it was a plus size . It was written as a plus size 
A big belly is just unique 
Hehe 
No , the plus size is the style of that clothes . It 's only a regular piece of clothes if it is a slim size , the style would be gone 
Otherwise , why would the store say it is a plus size and even give the fraudulent size ~ 
Hey … I ca n't dress up like a literary woman in clothes from that store 
Right , I do want to have the style of a literary woman ~~ 
If I look slim , I wo n't look like a literary woman ~~ 
You 're really a persistent mom 
I bought it just because I like this point , otherwise I would n't have bought it 
Hmm , do they pay the shipping fees both ways ? 
Oh ~ I never purchase insurance [ emoticon ] , so I seldom buy clothes at Taobao 
Hehe , I bought it because I somewhat anticipated it 
Hmm , I placed the order for my facial masks yesterday 
They should be able to arrive tomorrow 
Finally can use it ~ 
What brand did you buy ? 
I buy innsfree 
It seems to be spelt like that 
Made in Korea 
Oh ~~~ 
Once I am in the condition , I ca n't use any of those things 
=What condition ? [ emoticon ] 
=What condition would you call it ? ~ 
Is this going to have any effect too ? 
I believe it will be fine as long as you do n't use make - up 
These all contain chemical ingredients . It wo n't affect the mother 's body , but would affect the baby 
That 's why Du Yingying started making her own facial masks early on 
Oh ~ You must take care 
Uh-huh ~~ 
I am feeling awful . I have finally known your feeling of vomiting after eating . But I should be better than you then . I vomited less , but I kept feeling nauseous 
I did a check - up at the hospital . It is just a tiny embryo now and has heartbeat already 
Is your mom still with you ? Is your kid well - behaved at night ? 
Eat more cereals ! 
My mom will stay until the middle of September . She is very well - behaved at night , usually drinking milk twice or three times 
Well , it ’s really good that she behaves at night . Will your mother - in - law take over then ? 
My parents in law are all very busy . They will come again next year 
Well , then you and Zhu Rui need to learn to take care of the baby by yourselves . ~~ Learn more when you mom is still there . Yang Chaonan told me that their baby became sick the next day when her mother - in - law left , because they did n’t know how to take care of the baby 
We have always taken care of the baby together . I have made most of the rules , or my mom would have spoiled him 
Yes , right , grandparents do spoil grandchildren . It ’s the same with my parents , too 
Is your mom still babysitting the two kids of your younger brother’s ? 
Yes , she is , but it ’s quite tiring 
On the new photo of Le Le ’s , the face is much chubbier than before 
Chubbier indeed . The kid looks different every day . Who will take care of your baby in the future ? 
Maybe my mother - in - law will come over . My mom definitely has no time 
Is it this ? My bracelet , that is called a crack [ emoticon ] 
It does n't seem like this one , but this post seems not bad either 
Hmm , this can only be assessed by inspection , I took a look and gained some knowledge 
Yep , yes , this kind of posts on Tianya are not bad , one can really gain some knowledge 
Yep ... I seldom hang around at Tianya 
This post truly eliminates ignorance 
Teacher Jiang , are you here ? 
Yes 
It shows you arrived at 10:30 on the morning of the 12th 
Yeah , went straight from home to the tax bureau 
Then made up an application for leave 
Yeah 
Did you take a day off in July ? 
Came again later 
Ok 
=Happy juvenile 
=Hello 
It seems like I have n't seen you after graduation 
Did you go to Hong Kong or elsewhere ? 
\(^o^) / ~Ha ha , Qinhang , do you know who I am ? 
It 's written Wang Chenxi in QQ , is n't it ? 
Haha , yes yes 
Because Xu Yuanyuan has been to Hong Kong before , so I thought you were talking about Yuanyuan 
I 'm in Shanghai 
Are you still in Jinan ? 
My home is in Jinan , now I 'm in Jiangsu 
right , it 's Xu Yuanyuan . I got mixed up , hehe 
You are in Jiangsu ? Jiangsu where ? 
Nantong , I 'm facing you across the river 
Oh , it 's so close 
Are you working in Nantong ? 
I 'm working on a central air conditioner project here 
it 's an external assignment . I will still go back to Jinan 
Oh . There are more classmates in Jinan . Actually it 's pretty good to go back 
Do classmates in Jinan often get together ? 
Now that they are all tied down by their family , there is few parties 
Actually it 's lively to bring families with them , haha , however it 's true that it 's not as convenient as before 
Yeah 
Are you considered to be settled down in Shanghai ? 
Yes , I have no elsewhere to go 
Come on , how great big Shanghai is 
We ca n't go there even though we want to 
No , if I did n't study in Shanghai afterwards , I may have stayed in Jinan after graduation 
Still , big cities are better 
Life is rich and colorful 
Well , I felt that I wanted to stay here when I just graduated , but my thought changed in the last few years . Hehe . I think it 's pretty good to be home 
Especially second - tier cities where environment is good , economic development is not bad and it 's close to home 
You should have big ambitions , to get the title of Mayor of Shanghai in the future 
We can have a friendly visit , ca n't we ? 
Haha , I have been far away from the title of Mayor . I did n't take the political road~~but I can still receive you when you pay a friendly visit 
The new " Shanghainese " is very passionate to Shandong people 
[ emoticon ] Welcome Shandong 's leader to come here a lot and give guidance~ 
Haha , which industry are you working in now ? 
I 'm working as an editor 
Wordsmith ? 
Chief editor ? 
I 'm a wordsmith , not a chief editor , hehe 
Magazine ?Newspaper ? Television ? 
Publishing firm 
But I have heard that it 's rough for Jinan 's publishing firms nowadays 
This industry is particularly unfamiliar to me 
Well , it publishes books for other people 
I have n't bought books or magazines for [ a lot of | n ] years 
Well , I have made a best seller recently , but not published yet . I will recommend you to read it in your spare time then 
What best seller ? 
It 's named " Poisoning Story in Miao Territory " . Currenlty it 's serializing online , pretty interesting 
Do you seek authors like this first and then contact him to help him publish his books ? 
Extracting the publishing fee from sales ? 
Yes , this is one kind . But our publishing firm is mainly working on scholarly books , so basically there is national subsidy , etc .. We do n't work on books like this often , so I 'm happy to have done such a set of books , hehe 
I have just searched for it and read a little 
It 's pretty interesting 
Many years ago I had read an article similar to poison making 
Novel 
Will your name be printed on the front cover or back cover of this book ? 
Hehe , the name of responsible editor will be on the back cover 
Are you the responsible editor ? 
Yes 
Pen name or ? 
Responsible editor is an editor , not author .
If anything goes wrong with this book , the country will not look for the author first , it will look for the responsible editor first 
Do n't many people in your industry use pen names ? 
Oh , responsible editors ca n't use pen names , they must use ID names 
Actually I really want to use a pen name , hehe 
I will certainly buy a copy if I have the opportunity to see this book 
To support you 
Haha , thanks a lot ! It is estimated that this book will be on the market at the end of the year . It 's not bad to read it online for entertainment if you have spare time . This author is pretty good 
Well , I will read it online when I have spare time 
I should stop chatting now and get down to work 
I will pay a visit to you when I get the chance to go to Shanghai 
Ok , welcome to Shanghai . Chat with you again when we 're free ! 
Hello Teacher , I am He Guomei , Copyright Assistant of Chengdu Rightol Media & Advertisement Co. , Ltd. , happy to be able to contact you 
We are a copyright agency company , I take the liberty of contacting you because I want to know your intended topics , I 'd like to recommend some outstanding copyrighted books to you for reference during your topic selection . Besides , you can also recommend to me books that are suitable for copyright exporting , I can help you contact overseas publishers 
Hello 
OK , we do n't do medical or science and engineering books , all other categories are okay 
Sure , that would be great 
Then I 'll recommend some popular books to you for reference 
OK 
May I have your full name , Teacher ? Could you tell me your office number ? 
Hello , my surname is Wang , shall we keep in touch online first ? I can see your messages , my email address is haishangchenxi@126 . com 
OK . My phone number is : 028-8618 3888 - 813 ; heguomei@rightol . cn , if you have any needs concerning copyrights , you can contact me any time , hope we can keep in touch , and I can have the opportunity to cooperate with you 
OK , thank you : ) Hope we have the opportunity to cooperate ! 
Keep in touch~ 
OK 
By the way , we happen to have an important book on economic administration , which discusses lately hot spot issues on gold , shall I send you the materials ? 
OK , good 
By the way , Teacher Wang , you work at Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences Press , right ? 
Right 
OK , I know , let 's keep in touch [ emoticon ] 
If you have a complete catalogue of recommended books , you can send it to me in one file . I will share it with my colleagues 
Sure , OK , we have many books but not a complete catalogue yet , I will assort recent new books and send you catalogue for reference 
I only need the brief introduction , if my colleagues are interested , they 'll contact you to apply for the specimen pages 
OK 
OK , good , I 'll send it to you later 
OK , thank you 
Do you still have Guangzai 's one - year photos ? Let me see 
I 'm choosing where to go now to take photos 
I took photos of her all by myself ( Sent from WeChat : http://weixin.qq.com/q ) 
Did you choose the pictures ? 
Yes , but they still have n't been given to me 
How was the result ? 
Alright . Much better than what I took 
Was she obedient ? 
I have always felt that children of this age are very difficult to control 
Did n't cry . Not very obedient . Many of us were amusing her , but they took the photos very fast . Finished the shoot rather quickly 
As long as they do n't cry or be noisy it can be shot very fast 
How much did the photo shoot cost ? 
The photo album for 298 is so crappy 
He did n't have many clothes there . Some were very =representative of daily life . If you have nice clothes you can take them to use 
I 'm so indecisive now 
The hundredth - day were taken at Maria . Want to change the style .
I was also indecisive before . Han 12 is a very common style . Nothing new . You can look into Fancy , but they have no deals 
Fancy is n’t suitable for very little children to go to 
My colleague 's child took a set there at 11 months . Did n't have such a feeling 
Good enough is alright . The child is happy . It 's fine as long as they are n't taken too poorly 
Really do n't have the time and energy to investigate them one by one 
Exactly 
At that time I also chose a Mira =as an alternative 
Yeah . I saw that too 
Saw the sample picture and thought they were n't bad either 
At Harmony 
They recommended Babybook International to me 
On the 5th floor at Henglong 
I think the style is a little similar to Fancy 
I know that one 
Certainly is n't cheap 
588 on group buy that a friend bought . In the end her son did n't want to get photos taken 
She wants to resell it 
Right . Han 12 said two children were crying terribly in the morning and would n't cooperate 
Went twice for my =daughter 's hundredth - day photos . The first time , she started crying as soon as I put her down 
Our hundredth - day photos were taken at Fairytale World . The over nine hundred one is just so so . To tell the truth , it 's all profiteering 
Yeah . Someone recommended Fairytale World to me too 
Fairytale World 's clothes are alright , so I feel good about that at the time 
If you want to go to Starlight Baby later , my colleague =knows the boss at the one on Shaonian Road 
They can make it cheaper 
Okay . It can be considered 
It ’s right this one 
OK , let me have a look first . Tt ’s so long 
Provide 50 messages , the chatting contents with anyone will do , right ? 
Yes , any chatting contents will do . Ours will also do 
Well , our chatting contents have less than 50 messages 
Hehe 
I ’ll sign up first 
Have you checked this ? 
Right , find the chatting record with anyone , then it should be close 
Do people who live in America speak English ? 
Just upload Chinese 
Have you checked both options ? 
Do we need to provide mobile phone numbers ? 
What ’s your extension number ? 
Wait let me check 
Extension number 2358 
The downloaded chatting history =contains the QQ number and name of the other party 
Should I delete these 
Or keep them 
I do n’t know why , but I just can not upload it 
I clicked upload but there was no response 
I went to a meeting just now 
It might be because of the network bandwidth 
Wait for a while , no hurries 
You can delete them if you want , and keep unimportant information . They do n’t look at these numbers , but the QQ number of the other party seems to be the tag that they use to create folders for our messages , messages of different people are in different folders 
What is your registered user name . My classmate says some files may not be able to be identified . She has to give them to the programmer and ask him to repair them 
Oh , ally0609 
The uploading page shows an error with me 
If the status is “ ca n’t parse ” , then these files have problems , and they =need to be repaired by the programmer 
Is it this status ? 
No , it just displays page error 
I clicked Submit but there is no response 
During uploading , select Simplified Chinese 
Change a browser 
OK , I ’ll try 
I remember I had this problem before , and it was solved after I changed a browser 
It really works 
It is OK after I changed the browser 
Sorry for troubling you 
I hear Qianwen say that you used to teach at New Oriental 
Yes 
I 'd like to know , if I want to open an English training institute , which type of training do you think is easier , training for kids or for adults ? 
Where is your institute ? What 's the location ? 
A couple of days ago I visited a training institute for transfer in Chengdu , it is currently providing training on TOEFL and IETLS 
I am planning to open one in Chengdu 
The one I visited is at Shen Xian Shu , called Hello English 
Kids and adults are both good , they are both very good target consumers 
If I want to join a brand , which one do you propose ? 
The problem is there are too many English training institutes on the market 
Which one ? 
I do n't know much about Chengdu . In Beijing , I would recommend ABC for kids , and Wallstreet for adults .
Oh , did you teach at Beijing New Oriental ? 
Yes 
OK , good , I 'll learn more and consult you again , thank you , I guess you are also going to bed , sorry for troubling you [ emoticon ] 
Qianwen , I ’m sorry , I ’ve been busy all the time recently . Can you tell me your friend ’s QQ number ? I need to contact him . I have been trying to find him , but could not 
It ’s OK . I thought you might be busy . His number is 513874019 . His name is Ma Yi 
Good ! 
Thanks =very much [ emoticon ] [ emoticon ] 
You are welcome . I have n’t really helped with anything yet 
His QQ is online right now 
During the puerperium , the first half month goes by slowly , the second half of month is very fast 
Yeah . That [ brat | ancestor ] of mine 's sleeping is reversed . Just plays at night now . Does n't sleep 
Slowly correct her 
Do n't let her sleep during the day by tickling her feet , tugging at her ears , and calling her 
Take it slowly . Raising children is not so easy . Really grinds at your temper 
What are you talking about ? It 's still early 
Sigh . Those people in the past had so many in one family . How did they do it ? 
They did n't raise them as delicately as us 
Yes . Very tiring . Sigh 
I do n't know . Just let customer service know about it 
I do n't know when you want to unlock (( your phone )) 
You still have n't unlocked it , right ? 
I have n't 
I was planning to unlock it at the end of August when our contract ends 
ok 
holder , where are you now ? 
Seattle 
Which company ? 
groupon 
That group purchase one 
!!!!!!! 
You 're at groupon ! 
I really like that one so much ! 
~ 
Have you used it ? 
Yes !!!! 
Do you had a lower discount ? 
... 
No 
I 'm asking you 
We do n't have any employee kickbacks or anything 
What position is yours ? 
Code writer .. 
I kind of want to get into that company 
You can 
I 'm in getaways group 
Do you have time now ? 
May I give you a call ? 
Come on 
Sister Zhu Lin . This journey was exhausting for you . Thank you . Keep in touch .
It was n't . Principal Chen , please do n't stand on ceremony . I 'm very honored to know you . Come to Dynasty for a visit when you have time 
I 'm creating a [ chat group | group ] now 
Okay . Have a good rest .
Okay 
Will inform you when it 's created .
Okay . I went to ask today . Everyone in our vicinity said that recovering the data wo n't work . I 'll go to Computer City tomorrow and try again . I reckon there 's not much hope .
Let us all upload our photos and do a compilation , and go again next time to make up for it . Haha 
It ’s unfortunate indeed . Do n't be sad 
I 'm copying a small portion of Teacher Zhang 's photos first . If it 's not enough , I 'll ask you for help =again . Thank you .
No problem 
I 'm sending it to you now . See if there 's anything you need 
It 's mainly the ones from Paris and Italy . I have the ones after those . Thank you .
Can you receive it ? 
It 's receiving right now . The speed is n't very fast . Thank you .
Click on accept . Let them transfer slowly 
It ’s very slow in receiving it . Maybe there 's a problem with my internet speed . I ’m on the campus internet .
I only brought a [ point - and - shoot camera | idiot camera ] . The results are so - so . Just take it as a souvenir 
Okay . My main concern is that the photos in the Samsung mobile phone have been lost . The rest of them are still there , but the shots by the Samsung mobile phone were clearer , so I used it to take photos at all the important places . I ’m regretting it terribly .
Right , the results from the Samsung mobile phone were not bad indeed 
Yes . Nothing can be done . Some mistakes are impossible to make up for .
Mistakes are hard to avoid 
It 's getting late . You have an early rest . Director Li is in Wuhan , I 'll invite him to come to Wuchang for a meal tomorrow .
Okay . You rest early too ! 
I ’ll contact you again 
[ Emoticon ] Good night .
Are you back ? 
Back . Where are you ? 
At the hotel 
The weather is very hot . How 's business ? 
That 's true 
Came over to play two days this week with Teacher Shi and them 
Went to Europe once . Very good . France , Italy , and six other countries .
Is it convenient for you ? Otherwise , do a training with the employees so you can coordinate it a little better 
Alright 
How 's A Tai 's study going in Beijing ? 
Coming this Wednesday 
A little nervous 
The day after tomorrow ? 
Yes 
Have you told them ? 
Not yet 
Waiting for you to come back to tell them 
Then ask them if their time has a conflict first ? 
Okay 
Huang did n't answer the phone 
Has he gone to Henan ? 
Do n't know 
I 'll try 
Dong and their classmates are all students from top undergraduate schools 
Have n't been admitted into a graduate school in the country . Want to go abroad to study 
He has to try hard then . He did n't really study his basic English in school .
But it 's good for him . Catching up to their rhythm , he will have reached a higher level .
They must be younger than him then 
There are students from Zhongnan University of Economics & Law , Central University of Finance & Economics , Jiaotong University , Huazhong Science & Technology University and other schools 
About the same 
Yes 
His power of understanding is very good nevertheless . Should be able to catch up very quickly if he concentrates on studying .
Even going to the school to study by himself on Sunday 
English listening comprehension is a little bad 
Probably a vocabulary issue . Insufficient vocabulary will lead to not understanding 
Can take the IELTS exam in October 
Yes 
The vocabulary he has is not in the =testing scope of the IELTS exam . This is a problem .
Did you come back during the weekend ? 
Little Hu is a little lonely being at home alone then .
Used to it 
So , you still have to go back every week ? You 're a little too dedicated to your work too 
Hehe 
Are you there ? Got in contact with [ Fearless | Dadan ] .
There ? 
I do n't think I put the sd card inside , can you check ? [ expression ] 
I used three computers and none opened it .
Check to see if the sd card is inside ? 
No. 
Can I come get it tomorrow morning ? 
It 's my fault , the card is at home 
You 're at home ? 
I 'll bring it over right away 
No problem , it 's already been a lot of trouble . Can I get it at the Third Avenue meeting place in a moment ? 
When ? 
It 's too hot , do n't bother .
Probably around 5 o'clock , I go every day .
I 'm really sorry , I was too careless 
OK , also bring the reader I gave you this morning 
No problem , I caused you the trouble .
OK .
[ expression ] see you on the first floor of the Third Avenue meeting place at five o'clock 
OK .
Apply now for Smart Tiger experience goods and you can get a small Smart Tiger gift . Mothers with babies can try ! http://tiyan.qiaohu.com/apply.php ?recom_id=2247973&action=form 
Ah ... Thanks 
Hehe , you 're welcome 
Went to Europe and just got back . Sending a few pictures to share with you . Haha .
Did n't go to the United States but to Europe , ha . Really pretty 
Yes .
Went secretly . Disciplined .
=Acted as a translator .
In conflict with going to the United States . Dan Lei is very busy this vacation . Went to New York to take care of the summer camp .
Is Ningbo really that hot ? 
Over 40 degrees every day 
Still working every day ? 
How are the arrangements for your girl this vacation ? 
Reportedly , an elderly man really fell down in the street and had second degree burns in less than twenty minutes 
Ningbo seems to have never been this hot before . Unusual ? 
Prepared lessons and recited them at home every day . Did n't go anywhere 
That 's fine too . Her grades this semester will definitely be very good .
Yes . Temperatures this year have broken historical records 
Was held back in mathematics last semester 
Europe is hot too . The sun was out every day from 5 o'clock in the morning until 10 o'clock at night . The sun at 7 - 8 o'clock in the evening was like ours at 3 or 4 o'clock .
If I had known earlier , I would have let the girl go with you to Europe . Hehe . Go to practice her spoken language too 
Mathematics definitely have to be firmly grasped . Once in high school , being held back will be troublesome 
That 's why I 'm worried . The girl has not the slightest interest in mathematics 
Coming back from Wuhan last time she was actually very interested in English . Learned it rather effortlessly too 
You must make her realize that if her math is lagging , she 'll have no chance to be admitted to prestigious schools . So she must catch her mathematics up as quickly as possible .
If conditions permit , I want =her to go out early 
She still does n't have awareness of this aspect now 
If their self - control is insufficient when the child is young , it 'll be very hard to handle . Plus going out for undergraduate studies would be such a [ waste of | burning ] money .
Teacher Deng Yumei 's daughter went out after graduating from high school and spent more than one million on undergraduate studies .
The cost is so high 
However , the domestic environment is really not good . Many things will all be very difficult to predict a few years from now 
This is where I worry as well 
The cost is not a small expense either .
Have you communicated this aspect to the girl ? 
I have , but she still does n't seem to have the awareness of this aspect yet . Just thinks going out is very fun . At least she wo n't have me in charge of her , haha 
Start to cultivate her ability to care for herself . Things =like washing , laundry , and cooking simple meals all have to be learned early . It 'd be even better if she had some personal strengths and interests in folk music and other fields .
Her English is alright now . Basically maintaining the top - three level in her class 
Planning to have her test for violin level A in music next year 
She 's also rather interested in history 
Social activities I 
previously ignored 
The overseas learning method is very different from China 's . Slowly collect and accumulate .
Have to cultivate more from now on 
Hehe . So far from you , otherwise I 'd let her come to you here often and experience new thinking , new concepts 
No. I 'm just telling you what I did before . Teacher Zhu always criticized me for liking to teach others . Has this fault recurred ? 
No. What you 're saying is all very honest . Talked about you with the girl a few days ago . Just after coming back from your place , her enthusiasm for learning English is much greater than at first 
You have to use https to open it . http wo n't open 
I 'll help you register an account 
What username do you want ? 
Send the web address to me 
Whatever 
wade1111 
Ok 
Send the web address to me again 
Was just on the phone . Did n't receive it 
Registered 
Log in and try 
Ok 
Entered 
Click where ? 
Um , click home 
Oh 
Then click text penn status 
When you click in there is a " how to provide " text 
Then click computer QQ 
Um 
I already entered 
Ok 
Look at the hint now , " how to export files " 
Then try and export 
Um 
Remember to export using txt format 
Then just send it to me directly . It 's faster if I help you upload 
Um , ok . I 'll try 
Are you free next Wednesday afternoon , my friend is going to the airport 
Should be 
Okay 
What time ? 
Eleven forty - five 
Is this the departure time ? 
Arrival 
Where is she ? When does she want to depart ? 
Hello Lin Meng , I placed an order online for a desk from you , but then did n't find you on QQ . I just arrived at UV . The internet would n't connect . Is your desk still there ? 
Yes , but I moved earlier than expected . The desk is at a friend 's new home now . It takes half an hour to drive there which is quite far . I guess there 's no way to move it … 
Oh , Okay , then forget it 
I just checked my payment . It 's 245+ 50 EAS , Thank you 
Okay , I 'll go to the leasing office in a bit and ask about the situation 
But I really do n't remember how much I have to pay , boo hoo 
I 'll ask Susan for you 
Okay , thank you , thank you 
Oh , right . Did you =tell Jiang Junyi how to pay the rent ? Did you pay it , or did she pay it and then you give it to her ? Because she already gave me the money . If you pay the rent then I 'll =return the money to her 
I 'll call and ask her again . Last time she did n't answer the phone and just told me she 'll be back at the end of the month 
Oh Oh , alright . Then we each pay 50 for our EAS , right ? 
I already paid the money to UV , so you hang on to her money and return it to her when she gets back 
Oh , Okay . Once you 've discussed things later let me know . Could you ask Susan how much the rent is ? 
Okay . She said she 'll help me check once she gets to the hotel tonight . Right , the rent may have increased by now . Guo Lin did n't renew the contract before whichever date it was in May , I also forgot to ask Guo Lin about this 
I 'm out house hunting . I 'll tell you in detail when I go back home 
Oh , I asked , the total price is 825+ 168 EAS , but how it is specifically divided I do n't know . I 'll send an email later and ask Guo Lin 
Our housing cost and water and electricity all raised . There is no way to return the rent you paid now . I 'll discuss the situation later with Guo Lin 
Are you up ? When are you going to the market today ? 
I might go tomorrow 
Oh , oh , okay . Then we should go over earlier 
Okay , okay .
Sigh , after you tidy up and finish school work , let 's eat together when we have time 
Yes . No problem .
Hello . I 'm Wang Yucheng 's friend . You sent her to the airport at the beginning of June . Can you pick her up again on the night of the 20th ? 
Sure , but I switched to a small car . I may not be able to take her luggage . I have a friend who can go pick her up . What time does she arrive ? 
She said she only has one suitcase , but if it ca n't fit your friend would be fine too . The flight arrives on the 20th at 9 o'clock in the evening 
Okay . Ask her to call my friend after she arrives , 276 - 494-2951 . I 'm afraid international flights will be late , so do n't call him until she arrives 
Okay , I 'll let her know . Thanks 
Haha , you 're welcome . If I remember correctly she 's going from the airport to the school , right ? 
Yes , she 's going to somewhere nearby the school , on E woodruff 
OK , No problem 
Right , may I ask what is your friend 's name ? 
He Yi 
What time are we setting off to =Morrill tomorrow morning ? 
I 'll be at your place around 45 
Okay .
My cell phone is about to die . Later at about 7:45 I 'll wait for you near your home . Help me copy down the supermarket 's address 
Okay 
Wait a second . It has to be a bit later . Finishing late today 
ok 
A bunch of idiots are still messing with an ice - cream machine for almost an hour now , speechless 
Do n't know how to do it or what ... 
Yes , that 's why they are idiots 
Okay , We are ready to go . See you later 
Okay 
Hello ! I 'm Wang Yucheng . I 'm in Chicago now , waiting for a seven o'clock flight , arriving at 9:15 in Columbus~ Sorry to trouble you 
Okay , I 'll check later to see if your flight will be late . If it wo n't be late I should be at the airport at about nine thirty 
Okay~ 
I guess it 'll be late . Surprisingly we 're still not boarding now 
Oh , let me see . If it 's too late I 'll have He Yi go pick you up . He takes the freeway . Much faster than me , haha 
Should n't be too late , the flight changed the boarding gate , I 'm going over now 
Okay , have a pleasant journey . See you a little later 
See you later ! 
[ Oh my god | Dizzy ] , I guess it 'll still be late . Anyway , text me then and let me know who 's coming to pick me up~ 
Thanks 
Okay , I 'll check your arrival time online later . It 's updated in real time online 
About 9:42 
Oh , Okay 
I 'm on my way . Arriving at the airport in about 25 (( minutes )) 
Okay 
They say there 'll be another bunch in five minutes ... 
I 'm walking over there to you , coming to look for you 
Okay , I 'm still wearing orange pants 
Okay 
Hi~ My husband forgot to get your things when he went out , I 'll take them over tonight , alright ? 
Oh oh , Okay . I was just about to contact him . Here , my address is 3009 stadium dr , apt 1 . I should be home anytime after 6 o'clock 
Okay , we 'll talk in the evening ! 
Okay 
Dear , Gis has reached its limit . Will the teacher add more people ? 
Go ask . Just go straight to the class and ask the teacher for a signature . Should be able to add 
Is it convenient to call by phone ? 
This has two sections , I do n't understand it 
One is on the computer , one is in class 
They have to be together 
But it 's two departments . One is civil engineering , one is yours 
I chose the Geography Department 
Wow , then you and I are taking the public course section together ? 
Public course ? 
The class mentioned just now 
There should be no such class , dear , only one class ! 
My roommate is coming back tonight and needs to stay in the room 
Do you think you can move today ? 
If you do n't want to sleep on the floor , then cram in with me 
Huh ? Are you serious , coming back tonight ? So I have to move out tomorrow , or should I move today ? 
Yeah , you may have to move today 
Okay , I 'll pack things right away . What time will your roommate get back tonight then ? 
If her flight is n't late then nine thirty . How about you move your things over and sleep with me ? 
I 'll still move over there and sleep there : ) 
I left some things behind . Can I come get them tonight ? : ) 
Also teaching materials should be delivered . They will be used in class tomorrow 
Okay , I 'll be home after 7 tonight 
Sister , I checked yesterday . It 's already here , just being inspected at the post office : ) 
Should be delivered to home soon . But I 'm going to the post office in the afternoon to ask again whether it 's been delivered or not , and if possible then pick it up with me 
Okay 
I have n't received it . Will you be home tomorrow morning ? 
I 'll go see if it has been delivered tomorrow afternoon .. Ill - fated package ah !! 
Yeah , if I receive it tonight I 'll give it to you . I 'll be here tomorrow after 7 
In the evening ? : ) 
Right , in the evening 
All your books have arrived . Come get them when you have time 
Okay , I 'll go in a bit : ) 
Sister , are you back home ? I 'll come look for you now ? Or wait a while then go ? 
Okay 
Sister , If USPS mails things over , let me know 
Okay , I 'll look when I go home tonight 
I 'm home . Do you have time to come get the package now ? 
I 'll go get it tomorrow morning . Leave it outside the door tonight : ) Thanks ! 
Okay 
Dad , someone hacked a friend 's QQ and tried to get me to talk on QQ just now . I knew he was a liar , but he knows my name and also some things about my family . Seems a lot like my classmate 's manner of speaking 
So , these days if someone on QQ uses my tone to ask for money , do n't give them money under any circumstances 
My living expenses are certainly not lacking . I absolutely wo n't spontaneously ask for money , and I wo n't be borrowing money from my classmates . Bear that in mind 
Just asked other friends . Someone 's home has already reported to the police that they had been cheated of money . Be very careful 
I know . It has happened once already , and it was discovered .
You know too , pretending to be you .
Yeah . This time it 's pretty serious . He 's cheating by pretending to be another person . He used my friend 's QQ to trick me and find out my family status to later hack my QQ and trick my family . My classmate 's family that got cheated was fooled like this 
Brother really likes that piece of jade ! Big brother has already refused me once ! Do n't refuse me again , okay ? If possible , brother will treasure it his entire life ! Ha ha , I 'm a bit tipsy , do n't be angry big brother .
That is older brother 's keepsake from Kunming , I will give you a better looking one 
Disappointed , dejected … ! oo oo oo … I 'm going to sleep big brother , you should also rest ! Good noon big brother 
Ha ha ha , I apologize brother , the thing you want is my sentimental gift 
Big brother : I just finished exercising , I 'll rest a bit and take a shower ! I 'll be going a little late .
I just had a dream where you gave me the jade … Ha ha , I wo n't bring it up again .
Dear , I 'm in class now . What is it ? 
What is timewarner 's phone number ? 
I do n't know … Have to ask Guo Lin … I had Zhu Zixu called before . It seems he checked online . But when you ask , also ask if we 've paid the internet bill ... 
How have you been recently ? Has the green card application arrived ? 
The green card application has arrived . Work has been busy recently . Having a little pressure ... 
Congrats , congrats . I wanted to ask , do you know how much annual wages generally are ? Because my current company wants to keep me . They are negotiating wages with me . I have no idea 
How about you ? Still working now ? How many classes have you chosen ? 
Ah , really . Great . Generally fifty to sixty thousand seems about right for Masters' initial yearly salary 
Oh , oh . Then this company is too cheap . They only provide me with about 30 thousand 
But the problem is that I may have to go to Zixu 's place in a year or so , so I am debating whether or not I should seriously look for work here 
Oh , It would be worth it too if they could give you a =sponsorship 
Yes , they can , but it does n't guarantee a green card 
As long as they can give you a work visa I think it can be considered . It 's a little late today . I 'll call you when I 'm free tomorrow 
Yes . They 'll definitely give me a work visa . They have guaranteed this , but it 's just that the salary is low . However , Zixu may have to go to California , so I guess I 'll have to leave too after a year . So I 'm debating now whether I should spend so much time looking for a job . Chat tomorrow 
Oh , it is a little confusing , alright , chat tomorrow 
Good night 
Okay , good night 
We 'll see . Haha , there ’s a lot of drinking recently 
OK 
OK 
I ca n’t , I have to go and see my wife ’s family . Maybe next time 
Is it only the sixth or the fifth question left ? Let Wang Han come up with the question then 
Should be the forth one . Actually I want to make a comparison between adult assessment and individual assessment 
Because these two share some similarities 
This issue looks a bit strange if you singe it out , because these two populations are not complementary 
Yes so I want to change 
My supervisor went to another office , it is [ a huge mess here | as messy as a pot of porridge ] 
I just finished observing a counseling 
Have n't eaten yet . I am starving 
Neither have I ... 
I still have another counseling session in a bit 
I am confused . What question do I want in the end ? 
I am planning to discuss with my supervisor on assessment test 
I have just eaten , nightmare ... 
I am listening to another kid 's case , paradoxical kid 
How should I name the forth question ? 
Is n't there the ready - made answer keys in this book ? 
This is jerry - built . Anyhow they should at least write something , list some points and [ the like | holy horse ] 
=Damn it high - stakes tests summarized by Wang Han only wrote a title for me 
Sigh I will just write it this time , it is good that the rest of the group does n't have those irresponsible teammates 
I am planning to make a comparison among those commonly used school assessment tests for the forth question 
Just randomly picked up some points to make a list in the form 
Ok , sorry for making troubles for you . I am going to work on the outline now 
I have a structure now . I will go cook , will probably send it to you at 8 
I already sent you the questions , hun 
Respond to me when you receive it 
I see it 
Are you on QQ ? 
What 's up ? 
What 's wrong ? Is it a lot missing ? 
I want to complain to you about the outline that Wang Han did . I am so mad 
I have n't seen the stuffs she did . But seeing from her attitude , she is not being active 
In class . What 's going on ? 
Need to ask your help with something ! 
Yes , okay 
Call me when you get out of class later , dear 
Okay , soon 
Dear , if you ca n't find anyone ask JJ to open the door for you . I have extra ink cartridges I was going to give you . You can just take it and print after installing it 
No problem , dear . I already planned to buy a printer . It ca n't do two - sided printing which is not so great . Thank you ! No need to worry ! Keep on reviewing ! 
Oh , oh . Then I 'll call you tonight when I go back to see if you 've solved it or not 
Okay ! 
If there 's really no way , there 's only ink cartridges … When I 'm done printing I 'll give it to you . This time is a special circumstance ! 
No need to give it to me . I have no use for ink cartridges . My ink cartridges are placed in the bedside rosy red storage box . But I have to rummage through it . Later on I 'll try to go back early 
Okay ! Contact you tonight ! Dear , keep up the good work ! 
Okay 
Do you still need to print ? 
I 'll look for you tomorrow , dear . s 
Okay 
In class now ? 
Starting at 6 o'clock 
Nothing seems to have been posted . Ariana said you can look on whentowork 
I looked on whentowork , there 's nothing 
Do you want to (( do the one )) for next semester ? She said it starts from the week of January 7th 
Okay , I want to (( do it )) for next semester too . You 'll be at school tomorrow ? I 'll come look for you then . Which places will you likely be at ? 
At noon , from about 11:15 to 40 I 'll be in the cafe on the first floor of the =Knowlton building 
Wow , I happen to start class at 11:10 . Would it be convenient for you to be there 10 minutes earlier ? 
What about other times ? After 1:30 until 4 o'clock is ok for me as well 
Okay . I 'm free after 2 o'clock . Will you be in a set place after 2 o'clock ? I 'll go find you 
Hitchcock 1st floor 
Okay . Then I 'll call or text before I go 
Do you think my baby is pretty ? 
It ’s OK 
Jiang Peng ’s daughter is really fat 
Hi . Hello , can I ask you for help . Are you free this afternoon ? I want to ask you to take me to the test for my license . I can also pay you travelling expense .
I have class all day today , until 9 o'clock at night 
Okay . How about tomorrow morning ? Will that work ? Right after we buy a cell phone 
Uh , I ca n't . I just remembered , I have class tomorrow at 11 o'clock 
Hehe , How about Saturday then ? 
I also have class at 11 o'clock tomorrow . I have to go back to the school then too . If you go do your test on Saturday , then go line up , there should be enough time 
Okay , do n't worry about it . Can you go buy it tomorrow morning ? 
Uh huh . Do you want to go tomorrow morning ? 
Yes ! 
Okay . Where do you live ? Do I have to go pick you up ? 
I 'll discuss the details with you when I go back tonight ! 
Okay 
By the way . If they ask you , you have to say you 're buying it for yourself and your family 
Ok . Understood .
Not many , 3 
Hello . Are you free in a bit ? 
I 'm free after five o'clock 
[ Oh my god | Faint ] . Then it 's too late . I wanted to do the test for my driver 's license 
Is tomorrow alright ? 
Is it alright to give it to you the week after next ? A bunch of iphone5s at my husband 's over there are being mailed over priority and should arrive in about 2 - 3 days 
How many ? Approximately what time will it arrive ? If the week after next I 'm not sure I want it . Do you mean there are few buyers at your husband 's place ? 
Next week , not the week after next . Right . He has many over there . Few people are buying 
How many can there be ? 
It 's better to ask more people to go buy together tomorrow . Then it can be mailed over on Sunday .
Yes . It 'll be mailed tomorrow , but it will arrive next week . Do n't know how many specifically =before we get them .
Alright . If you 're mailing them ask how much it is for express mail . Can we share the postage ? 
Express is also 11 - 12 [ dollars | knives ] . Not expensive . Okay . About how many do you want ? I 'll have him find people 
The more the better , but we ca n't necessarily buy that many 
Oh , okay . I 'll ask him to try his best . He does n't necessarily have that many cards , Hehe 
It 's best not to have one person pay . Ask his friends to pay first 
Oh , understood , but there 's a big snowstorm in Colorado . There wo n't necessarily be people willing to brave the snow and line up 
That 's okay then . I know .
Sigh . I wanted to go take my driving test today but ca n't go anymore 
Hehe , you ca n't take a bus ? There are buses that go there 
I 'm getting ready to do that .
You 'd better not ask your husband to buy them tomorrow . You can ask your friends to help you line up or something . It 's ok for me not to tell her . Then give you the money secretly . Because I 'm also not appearing tomorrow . I 'm not sure if I still want your husband 's by then 
Ah , but he already purchased today , [ oh my god | faint ] . It will arrive probably next Tuesday 
Made the purchase today ? 
What kind ? Already mailed ? I remember it is the fastest by express and it is also available on weekend 
The fastest costs 40 [ dollars | knives ] 
I 'll call him now , then it =will arrive on Monday or Sunday ( if the post office delivers on Sunday ) 
If it has n't been mailed , then mail that one . I 'll help you pay 20 
The fastest arrives tomorrow 
How many are there ? 
Two today . Tomorrow I should still have two . He can have another 2 - 4 tomorrow 
That 's the best scenario , ha 
Okay . Ask him to mail these two out first . The fastest one . I 'll help you pay half the postage . The earlier the better . It 's not easy to confirm if we wait too long .
Okay 
=I 'll have a look on the overnight one 
Okay .
If we can ask for one =more today , then try to ask for one more . The later we buy , the worse it is 
Um , it 's too late . We 're already on the way 
That 's fine then 
Did you buy it ? 
No , completely out of stock 
Are you going today ? 
No , not bothering to go . He 's out of stock . Has n't had stock at all recently 
Did n't you want to go window - shopping today ? Right . Has your husband made the purchase ? Has it been mailed ? 
He overslept yesterday . There were no more when he went . He only has two now . Express mail will be too expensive . He asked me afterward yesterday . I told him to go have a look at Fedex . If express mail is over 60 then there 's no need to mail it . I do n't know what his situation was afterward 
I went window - shopping yesterday on the way to line up 
I 'll pay the express mail fee with you .
Aye . That 's fine then 
Can your boyfriend buy tomorrow ? If there are a lot of them , we can discuss postage 
Yes , he asked , but they were all out of stock . I guess they ca n't be purchased . Forget it 
The postage for the fastest mail is 117 ? 
Yes , ca n't arrive until Thursday , and it 's too late . Forget it . Too much trouble 
When can it arrive if mailed on Monday ? It 's just uncertain . It might be replenished~ 
Will you go if I go ? My car is fixed now . I can take you~ 
Monday is n't good for me , I have class . Sorry 
Okay . Can I ask , how to handle the parking affairs ? 
Okay . Thanks 
Did your husband return it ? 
He sold it 
Oh , OK . Are you going tomorrow ? If there are , I 'll give you 150 for two sets 
Is there still stock now ? Let me check . If yes , I 'll go take a look 
Can you even check this ? 
If you want to go , I 'll take you there tomorrow ~ 
Yes , OK 
Oh , no , I forgot , I have a meeting with my advisor tomorrow morning . I ca n't even go . Gosh , I even forgot about her 
Gosh , in that case , OK 
How to check whether there is stock ? 
Call in the evening to ask , I 'm not very sure exactly how , my husband does all the checking 
Can you ask about it for me ? Thank you 
Sure , I 'll ask later 
OK 
My husband said he phoned them one by one 
To ask whether any stock arrived 
and how many arrived 
And then estimate about how many left 
Should I call the Apple store ? Call in the evening ? 
Yes 
OK , noted , thank you .
Let me recommend you an app : POCO Camera~it 's an artifact for taking a selfie . ~ [ my god | I wipe ] , ~ I do n't need to [ photoshop | p ] photos if I have it ! 
Let me show you the effect 
It 's beautiful 
Download it quickly . It 's an artifact for taking a selfie , haha 
Are you back home ? Where are you now ? 
I 'm on the train 
It 's so hot 
Is there a heater ? 
Is Fenghuang fun ? 
No 
Because Nanning =is very hot 
I 've heard (( people are in short sleeves )) 
I seems that it 's not turned on .. 
But is n't there an air conditioner on the train ? 
Fenghuang is too moist and there is too much humidity ! Lijiang is more fun ! It has warm sunshine ! 
Haha , maybe because the weather is not sunny enough these days 
Or is it because there are handsome boys in Lijiang ? 
I watched the new series of 007 with your brother - in - law tonight . It was my first time watching an English movie without subtitles . I was so excited . But it was in British accent and I could not understand in some places 
Wow wow wow !!! 
It felt awesome 
It has not been shown in mainland China . You can go and watch it when it 's shown . It 's worth a watching 
Ok 
I have arrived in Nanning 
I 'm going to get off the train 
Ok !~ 
Go home quickly 
I 'm going to have breakfast first 
=Damn , two clothes and two pairs of trousers 
I 'm sweating all over now 
[ Damn | Your sister ] 
The address of your house 
Change front 201 into 102 then 
No .. 
By the way , I will mail you a postcard . What 's your address ? 
Do n't you want me to send it to school ? 
I 'm afraid I ca n't receive it from school 
Hehe 
I will send you five 
Haha 
I will sale them 
ok 
Ok , I will send them home 
Hahaha 
You are greedy for money 
I need to write address on them ... I =do n't have any envelope 
Haha , I understand ! But it 's a pity that I do n't have any envelope . ~ I will check if it 's ok then 
I just wrote a journal , haha 
Ok 
I have arrived home 
=Great ! 
I 'm on q 
My mother is watching in front of the computer 
Hahaha , check the slippers , see which one does she like 
Ok 
I 'm =poopping 
I 'm going to look for night creams for my mother 
=(( Hehe )) 
There are twelve hours left 
And =so many are for free shipping 
It seems that only Tmall =can 
Yes 
Hello , Section Chief Gao ! Could you pay the invoice of 150,000 yuan for me , Wei Zhengqi , in next few days ? Thank you ! 
I will try my best . The company ’s funds are currently very tight . I 'm currently on a business trip . I will follow up after I get back tomorrow .
Good ! Thanks ! 
=Dear , what are the requirements of reflaction paper ? 
What contents should I write ? 
Ok 
Does it need to be published very formally for holly 's assessment project ? 
5 to 6 pages , in apa format 
reflection exactly 
reflection of the course and yourself 
There are requirements in canvas 
Have n't you handed it in ? 
I ca n't open canvas now , I will just talk about it casually , I mean publishing , not that paper 
Did n't holly say that the assessment project needs to be published in this week 's class ? And cpt hightlight 
Publish ? What do you mean ? 
No , we should present the highlight 
As I remember , it 's this week 
project ? ? Oh no 
It seems that the Assessment project does n't need to be presented this week~I do n't remember 
Maybe it 's presentation within a group 
Really ? ! Fine , how about helen 's demostration ? 
I think it 's within a group if it 's presentation , holly does n't have so much time for us to present one by one , besides , it seems that guest will be invited this week 
terrence said that we will discuss on Tuesday night 
Probably by acting 
Really ? I will have a present of ethics on Tuesday , =one each for helen and holly on Wednesday , a case present on Thursday , my god 
I almost want to kill myself 
You are so busy this week !! 
I was busiest last week 
Now I just want know if the project needs to be present , how to present 
hold on~success belongs to the persevering , there will be holidays soon 
There will be exams , I do n't know if they will be cancelled , I =have n't booked my air ticket 
Is it confirmed that we will have a holiday on 18th ? 
If I present to holly , he will definitely ask [ nonesense | ghost ] questions 
Officially it will be 19th 
project does n't need to be present in ppt format , take it easy 
He wo n't 
Are you sure ? Then the group present will be finished within half an hour 
As I remember , guest was invited for last week 's class , but the guest was ill 
She scheduled other tasks 
Ok , I 'm relieved now 
It will be shifted to this week 
I do n't know about this 
But the present will not be very formal 
Elder sister , I want to know if I can view ppt , etc. by using ip of any office software ? 
It 's not cracked 
Most of these software is charged 
Then (( how can I put information in the computer into the cell phone ? )) 
You want to put ppt information into it ? 
However , if your machine is cracked ... then you can try smart office 2 
Then you can search for that software , there may have a free edition , but you ca n't edit 
But you can view 
This software was free for limited time some time ago , during Thanksgiving Day , I downloaded it then 
Transfer into the cell phone , or use dropbox network hard disk 
I always use network hard disk 
I 'm using dropbox and google doc , but it seems that I ca n't use google doc interiorly 
But you can use dropbox 
Network hard disk 
This is good for using 
How about you transfer directly to the cell phone 
I am unable to transfer to the cell phone 
How to apply for a network hard disk ? 
Connect the data cable , then put it in by using itunes ... I have n't tried neither , because I always use the network hard disk 
Ok ok 
(( Just take it as practicing band four )) 
hey , are you going for workout in the evening ? 
I ca n't make it today ~~ I have an important meeting , something came up at the last minute , making me even unable to come to work ~~ let 's make it tomorrow , definitely ok tomorrow ~~ really sorry 
OK , no problem , we 'll then arrange something again 
They want to have my urine =checked 
I asked older brother , this place is Jiefang Road and Beima Road 
Thanks 
Brother , it 's strange , those coming after me all got forms issued , but they did n't issue one to me ! 
Nor did they have me get my urine =checked ! That shift has already gotten off ! 
I found someone , you wait there 
Yeah , OK 
Brother , can you go out today ? 
Wait , just about 
Did you delete the information 
Yeah , I deleted it all ! How are they going to discuss it !! No form has been filled out , and they did n't tend to me ! 
Do n't speak so much , I already found someone , you just wait 
You found someone but the problem is I did n't fill in any information , how is it possible they know I am here , Wuwu , brother , I want to go out today ! 
Do you know what your name is 
Oh ! What do I say ? 
Brother … .. Ca n't you ask ! It 's already three o'clock ! 
When are you going out , also brother , if I have to pay money can you lend me some to use , I 'll pay you back 
They are asking you to wait 
The clinic head here is very serious , do n't say random things 
I found a sub-bureau and finished speaking with him , he 's in a meeting 
I finished filling out the form ! Wuwu … … 
Yeah , ok , so I 'll wait for you then ! 
Brother , it 's clear that people are straightening things ! 
And further are very familiar with the lower level people here , just now there was somebody who asked me if I was prepared ? 
First prepare to =pay three thousand , and I 'll also be detained , asking if I found anybody ? I said I did n't ! 
Brother , its six , what time can you leave , just now a child said it was pointless to find anyone , and today they wo n't let him go out 
Sister 
It is me 
How come it is this number ? 
This is my new number ' 
Ah ? How come you got a new number ? 
(( 181 dq )) 
(( ft with me )) 
Let me tell you 
I am not free at the moment , how about tomorrow ? 
Um (( because I am using an iPhone5 )) 
So ... 
Go ahead with your business 
Right 
This is the director 's right ? 
The number is the director's ? 
Mine 
Ah ? What happened to your old number ? Are you still using it ? 
Oh the 180 one ? 
The 180 one is the director 's 
Right , now this one is 180 
It is so confusing . I am confused myself ' 
Yours is 155 right ? 
I will talk to you when I see you tomorrow 
I am going to change it 
Are you going to change your phone or your number ? 
Only changing my number 
The director 's (( iphone 5 )) finally arrived 
But I am using an iPhone 5 . Hehe !!! 
I got it last week 
I have n't had time 
Account ? 
Haha 
Finally ! Now everyone can send iMessages ! 
Tell the director to open an account 
The account for Apple 
Activate iMessage 
This is the director 's 
[ Fuck | muddy horse ] there is no emoticons , damn it 
Right ... 
Haha 
Oh oh 
(( Faking )) 
Btw , I have cute emoticons 
Just two of them ? ? 
So many 
It is called Q Emoticons 
lql 
I showed it to the director 
I laughed my ass off .. The director said she is a lonely old maid 
Hehe 
Let 's pretend that we do n't know 
The director said she is really lonely 
Then I said I will go accompany her 
To make her feel less worse 
I said the same thing to Ouyang , haha 
What did the director reply ? 
The director said she wo n't accept it even it is for free 
Being abandoned 
I wanted to say lql does n't even want you , he is tall , handsome , rich , and humorous 
Being competitive in various ways 
Alright I was n't being nice and had them take a look at my =friend 's picture 
Ouyang said he did n't like her 
Disgusting he said 
I am really speechless 
Right , he is being really demanding 
Yeah 
Then ? 
The director said you are so smart 
=huh ? 
Look at the one with high IQ talks to her 
Oops it is not easy to type 
Have typos all the time 
From where did she detect that I am smart ? 
Come and video - chat with me naked 
Fuck~ where to be naked ? 
Naked feet 
No you Internet pervert 
The Internet is really not [ very good | gives power ] 
Yeah 
I have lots of dog poop 
Have you won the Bao Wei Luo Bo game ? 
Let 's chat on QQ 
Then we will carry on next time 
My phone is dying 
Oh you play it also ? 
Have n't won yet 
You should 
Sister I am sending you messages via UC network 
Have n't see it yet 
What UC network ? 
Siri 
Manipulates 
Haha 
Is it fun ? 
suitable for my mom !! 
Btw , iPhone 4s can be updated now 
How are you ? What are you doing ? 
Haha 
How are you ? What are you doing ? 
Director Gao , hello , 
Yesterday I sent you the invoice by express mail , 
Text me a message when you receive it .
OK 
Director Gao , hello , have you received the invoice ? 
Received it 
OK 
Merry Christmas 
It 's an imessage 
What 's showing here is your apple account number . Did you send that using an apple id ? 
It may not need to be switched 
It may need to be switched 
Typo 
Where are you going for fun today ? 
Hehe 
I 'm using the apple account number , it 's the same 
But people do not know your apple id . When they want to send you a message , it wo n't show in iMessage 
I 'm taking pictures on campus today , hehe 
I 'll change back to my cellphone number later 
I have exams both today and tomorrow , what a tragedy ! 
Hi hi 
Is that right ? 
Is it according to the flow of the data usage ? 
So weird , there was no problem when you sent to me 
Um um , right right 
Right 
But it wo n't consume much date flow , it is the same as QQ 
Hoho , I am so [ corny | farmer ] I just knew it .
It will be ok if you touch your phone more often , haha 
Um um I am starving 
The weather here is not so good . In Colorado there are 330 sunny days in a year 
I do n't know about that 
I have an unlimited plan for text messaging either way . So it is going to be ok .
Sunny days are the best , so warm 
Not necessarily . But it is better than cloudy days . Besides Colorado Plateau has high elevation , it is not humid .
We drove all the way here , Indiana , Ohio . West Virginia has lower temperatures than our side , but [ it is so cold | the cold gets into the bones ] 
It mainly has strong wind on your side 
There is no mountain ranges that blocks cold waves 
The wind travels from the North then runs through here , that makes it cold 
Ah ? No mountain ranges ? How about Rockies and and many flat irons ? 
Oh you are talking about the several states we ran though ? 
If there is a chance I will invite you to come here , : ) very beautiful ! 
What I am talking about is the whole Middle Part of America~ The part between the two mountain chains in the East and West 
I have heard that Colorado is very beautiful 
I have been to Indiana before . My mom gave me a lot of thermal underwear , it was totally useless in Colorado . But when we passed by Indiana I almost fainted due to the cold 
It was only 5 degrees that day . What it feels like when Colorado is minus 15 is what it feels like there 
It must not be cold when it snows . It was too hot that I almost fainted when I just moved there while wearing many layers of clothes 
We are almost on the eastern side of the middle part 
Where are you going ? 
To the library 
It is so cold outside 
Um make sure you stay warm 
Last time when I saw your message saying that I wo n't have a problem with mother - daughter relationships . Actually this problem exist everywhere , I just do n't like to mention my mother - in - law 
Would n't it be better with foreigners ? 
Actually a lot of things can be confused by stereotypes .
But be straightforward when you have something to say , besides the husband generally is sided with the wife 
In China it will be seen as not being in accordance with filial 
It is hard to be a daughter - in - law 
Yes . And in America it is the woman 's family that pays for the wedding .
My mother - in - law hated me for this , because I did n't buy that American style , my husband paid for everything .
She said I was a =gold digger 
In any case I do n't have to kiss her ass , my husband is sided with me anyway 
Faint , how can she say such things to her daughter - in - law ? 
Then are you not worried that she will embarrass you in the future ? 
I am always quiet at my husband 's house . I have two sister - in - laws who are very gossipy 
The youngest one has just gotten married . Had a child out of wedlock , besides they only got married when the kid was a year and half old . She is very immature and rude . She ca n't stand on her own feet . She always order my parents - in - law to do stuff . She is also being calculating with me 
My husband had a talk and had it all out with her . In any case if she embarrasses me we wo n't come back again , and wo n't look after the grandchildren for her 
My mother - in - law thinks that I took away her baby , besides she asked my husband why he loved me so much . He then told my mother - in - law that he would n't marry anyone except me , so he asked her to be nicer to me 
Your husband is a good person , in China he will be seen as not being in accordance with filial 
Yeah , my mother - in - law has a strong character and gives a hard time to people when she talks , she has a hot temper as well .
My husband is great to me , we are planning to buy a house and later have my mom come over 
Nothing is perfect , it is enough that my husband treats me well 
He is very obedient 
Wow~that 's great~ Looks like you will be so happy in the future 
Um your husband is very independent , and treats you so well~ It will be perfect when your mom comes over in the future 
Right , besides in the next 20 years we will at least be living in Colorado 
But my father - in - law treats me really nicely , I am grateful 
Hehe~ such a happy life~ When are you going to get married ? 
We are already married , just have n't hosted the wedding party yet 
You got the license ? ?? 
Right 
Wow that was fast . Congratulations~ Then when are you planning on having a baby ? 
Probably in about 2 or 3 years 
It is too expensive to host a wedding party here in America 
How much ? 
It is too troublesome to explain via text messages . I will talk to you when I am back using my computer 
In any case it is in accordance with the number of people . Alcohol is not even included , neither is the napkin , table clothes nor tableware .
It will be at least 2000 dollars , a good photographer will cost at least 3000 , plus 3000 for video - taping . The site cost for the wedding ceremony and the money for the chair and decorations will be in accordance with the number of people 
Would like to ask if it 's not possible to quit working in school midway ? 
Uh huh , class just started . You just have to tell the manager , then you 'll be able to go in about 2 weeks 
Okay , thanks . I was hesitant because I felt taking that class with you was very good and did n't want to drop then go work . Was afraid I would n't be able to cope , hehe 
No problem . Just request two of the shortest shifts 
Who do I talk to about the shifts ? Is it okay to talk with the person who schedules the times , or =the manager ? But I handed over the time schedule before . Can I still change 8 - 15 hours that I wrote ? 
Did n't the manager yell at that person ߘ1 
You can . Just say there 's a little difficulty at first and you want to start slowly . First start with simple shifts . I do n't know who arranges shift for you . You have to askߘ 
Okay , I 'll ask when the time comes . Hehe , thanks 
When are you going to the meeting ? 
I 'm going on Sunday 
What 's up ? 
Would like to ask you is the countertop you burned a small piece or the one with the sink ? How much was the fine specifically ? 
A small piece . Spent about 80 . A very small piece 
Not 70 ? 
No , what we made is very expensive 
Sigh , we were still fined . Two pieces had to be replaced . I was responsible for the small piece . Still do n't know how much money they have to pay 
Oh ! Have n't you been charged before ? 
What happened ? 
Still in class ! ? Haha , wanted to ask if you 're free tomorrow afternoon ? Let 's go take pictures 
Yes , okay , I 'm getting ready to find =Olentangy River road . Do you think that 's fine ? 
Okay , okay , hehe . Then contact you tomorrow . I have to do some cleaning in the morning 
Okay , I guess I wo n't be able to get up in the morning , Haha 
In a meeting , 
When are you arriving , big brother ? 
The paperwork should be here tomorrow . I ’m sending them messages every day 
Can you get here by lunchtime , big brother ? 
I ’ll be there at midday 
I ’ll take you out for lunch 
Can I go with you to the company on Wednesday for interview ? 
Sure , but what about your return trip ? 
Public transport takes =two hours … 
Gosh , you 're not borrowing a car ? Renting a car is still better than taking a bus 
I will rent after it 's set 
This is not good . My boss actually asked me today about your car , and I did n't dare to answer . If she sees me driving you there , it may affect your job 
But it 's too late for me to rent now 
Is it a must with your boss to have one 's own car ? Ca n't I even carpool ? 
Nope . You have to go to work every day , not part - time 
You must have a car on the spot . We interviewed a few earlier . Those without a car were rejected immediately 
But I ca n't possibly go to work every day . I also have to prepare for exams 
If he thinks I 'm good , I 'll rent a car immediately 
… I can only say that I had recommended a few people before , but he gave up right after hearing they did not have a car . As such , I 'm worried that the interview will flop 
Sigh , in that case , let me check the car rental companies first 
Do you know which is a better place for renting ? 
I do n't know much about car rental . I have not paid any attention to it because I myself have always had a car , but you can check with your schoolmate and see if it is convenient for them to take you there 
When are you going to Jinan , brother Tao 's father is having surgery tomorrow afternoon , and he probably does n't have time to come out .
I 'll go to Zoucheng three days from now ok 
I 'll see about tomorrow , probably go the day after tomorrow 
OK , I 'll contact you later .
Contact me =later ? 
Do you think three days from now is ok 
So it 's easier for me to arrange time to go to Jinan and then to Zoucheng 
Look at the situation after the surgery tomorrow , I 'll contact you .
Yeah , I have to go to Jinan , others have urged me many times , it 's no =longer an option not to go 
Yeah , I know .
So I 'll go there first then 
If no good I 'll first bring my credentials over to send them there 
It would be best if we could meet up 
OK , it is a minor surgery it should n't be anything .
Yeah , when the time comes I 'll contact you by phone 
OK .
You go to work then 
I just went to brother Tao 's sister 's house to sit for a while , I just returned and am at home .
Yeah , you should go to rest soon then 
OK 
Goodnight 
Goodnight 
My cellphone just went dead , the signal here is lousy , I 'll call you in the evening , I have to go to class now , hehe , sorry 
No problem , no problem , I 'm the one troubling you . I received grace 's reply . She seemed quite urgent , asking me to go to her office today or tomorrow . I 'll call you after 5:30 p.m. ~ Cheers ! 
Oh , yes , because the tax season is around the corner , at the interview , you must tell her you know me 
So that I can put in a good word for you behind the scene 
Oh , thank you very much ~ I thought she was recruiting customer service staff and the like ~ I might go for the interview at 3 p.m. tomorrow .. 
Yes , mainly customer service , 2 and after that accounting and stuff 
I [ see | c ] ~~ it would be great if there is sponsErship , anyway , it is good as long as it is business related ~ thank you ! 
Yuanyuan , I am Song 
Its very cold today 
Right , so cold , I do n't want to go out today 
You do n't need to come to the office these next few days .
Yeah , I think working at home with this kind of weather is the best . Poor you having to always run far afield , ha ha 
That street corner outside the office building simply cuts into you like a knife . The wind blows until you 're ice - cold from head to toe .
Right , that is always a place where there 's a lot of wind , its always colder than other places 
Is your family 's baby going to pre-school ? 
No , he 's still a little young , I want to wait until he 's 2 years old before sending him 
Who will take care of your baby when your mother in law returns to China ? 
It seems he is always has drool =running down , I still ca n't endure it 
I 'm cruel enough 
Oh , my mother in law 's friend watched him for me for about a month , I gave him money , and then my mom is coming in March 
Ha ha , you do n't have any choice , strong woman , at any rate I scrape enough together just to have one meal and miss another 
You are fortunate . Your mom and mother in law help out .
My father and mother are now taking care of my older brother 's twins .
Ha ha , this is called valuing boys over girls , they think that this one does n't have the same surname as you 
I 'll cry 
Second oldest is helpless 
If I have my mother come I have to give kickbacks to my little brother and little sister , they come smacking their lips 
Do you have children ? Ha ha 
How would I dare , I do n't have anybody to take care of them : ( 
You do n't plan to have any ? How much is one , otherwise when my second born comes out , I 'll make you auntie , ha ha 
My husband would have to make more money , otherwise I would n't be able to afford you 
I would go home and use a whip to whip him 
Ha ha , that 's true , I was just entangled by my son , and could n't get away , so did n't respond 
No problem . Why do n't I help and Lili can also send a few ? 
That should be ok I think , do you have her number or not ? 
I did n't bring my own cell phone . Give me yours ok 
Ha ha , this number is cool 
Yes , quite good , smart intelligent wisdom understanding , ha ha 
She probably went to nurse 
I 'll wait for her to come back 
You have to let her know who you are , you say you are Song , it 's hard to guess 
This time I 'll give my name 
That ’s good 
Today I thought on it for a long while and could n't think of anybody I know by the surname of Song 
If you tell me I 'll suddenly be enlightened 
I 'll give the phone to Xuansong in a bit , and then you can chat more with her ? 
OK , then you have her send it to me 
Yuan 
You come ? How did you pass this =long weekend ? 
OK I guess . Stayed at home for three days . Watched a TV drama .
My favorite method , too bad I do n't have time 
So what are you busy with 
Watching children , buying things , it 's just with children you 're busy enough with things 
Have you had any progress in buying a place 
We are currently vigorously pursing this 
Which area do you like 
Cherry Mountain 
Become my neighbor then , our school district is very good , it 's just land taxes are too high . I have to pay 12 thousand in taxes every year . Is n't this quite unreasonable .
Cherry Mountain 
Cherry Mountain is also quite expensive , but housing prices are a little cheaper 
Are you going to buy a place 
Right , recently the interest on loans is low 
Right . My refinancing agent is pretty good . If you need one , I 'll give you his contact number . He is Taiwanese . You can save on handling fees .
Oh , OK , thanks 
Looking at houses is bothersome . Find an agent 
You 've gotten home , right ? That 's right , we have an agent 
No. On the train 
Mainly it 's our oldest is 5 years old , we 're looking for a good school district 
Jenkintown seems to be pretty good 
Nearby our place 
Its convenient for living 
Consider it ? 
Our penn elementary school here , for registration this year they were in line for 4 days and 4 nights , too much , right ? 
So what do you do if you do n't get in ? 
Ha ha , go marketing , ha ha 
Then that will be next year , so buy a place asap 
It 's too much , terribly cold 
The primary school at our residential area is no good 
We also are going to move 
Last year it was 1 day , this year 4 days , next year it will be one week 
Oh , right , everything for the children 
Cold . Ca n't chat 
My hands are freezing 
Where are you moving to ? Xuansong there ? 
OK , I am also outside 
Today I called because I wanted to ask you why you did n't start chat , later I learned what was the matter ~ after your mother in law left have you been doing well in taking care of your two babies ? 
Oh , OK , it 's still good I ca n't participate 
Its OK , I 'm a bit busy 
Its too burdensome , Dana wants me and Diaofei to go to the office Thursday to do this 
Oh , to do text testing , I did this today 
So did you bring your son to class ? 
I told her I wanted the two of you to go 
No , I found someone to watch him , today Liumin is helping me watch him for a while , do you have time to help me watch him 
I am saying , it definitely was recommended by you 
OK 
I can watch the little cutie 
Ha ha , when do you have time 
That 's right , the little cutie 
I fear I ca n't this week , how about next week ? There are several due this week 
What time are you coming to the office on Thursday ? 
Two o'clock in the afternoon 
Do we need to continually watch your child ? Or can we do our own things ? 
You can do your own things , he can play himself , it 's just there needs to be someone watching him 
OK , I 'll help you watch him next week , ha ha , I 'll contact you on the weekend , but generally 2 or 3 hours 
It 's usually 3 - 5:30 
2 - 3 hours every day ? 
Ha ha , you can use a google docx 
Have everybody sign up 
? 
Yeah , 4 days at most 
Ha ha , however if you do n't have the time I can think up some other way 
I can cover your dinner 
Ha ha , yeah , how can I be so good as you are to me 
I am saying other 's are n't as good as you 
I 'm getting goose bumps 
Ha ha 
Ha ha , then I 'll ask you this weekend ok 
If you have time help out , if no time then forget it 
Yeah , OK , however I ca n't do it Monday or Wednesday , it 's just your time , I 'll see about Tuesday and Thursday 
I should be ok for Friday 
Oh , OK , we 'll talk about it later , good night 
Sleep early then ! 
Yeah , goodnight 
I 'm wishing you goodnight 
Oh , that is they way of saying goodbye during the night 
Yeah 
Got it 
Quite right 
Ha ha 
How much did you buy that Kate Spade bag for ? 
Currently there is a short pattern that is half off , I 'm wondering if it is cheap enough or not 
I believe I bought for $ 79 on sale 
Currently there 's one with a original price of 148 , now 77 
Is that cheap ? 
Oh , OK I think , looking at it it does n't look cheap ~ 
Mine is a long pattern , I think it was 50 % off then 30 % off 
Yeah , you can only say it 's still OK 
I have a long one , but I think it 's too big , if the bag is a little smaller you ca n't put anything in it 
Then I 'll wait a bit , does that store often offer discounts ? 
Did you buy it off the official website at the time ? 
Oh , then just buy , it wo n't be much of a difference 
The official website , at Christmas 
Oh , but if I can get one that is first 50 % off and then 30 % off that would be better 
Then just wait until next year 
Ha , I just discovered that if you register with the official website you can get 15 % off , I 'm preparing to buy it , the price now is 65 
Oh 
Buy it then 
This is OK I think , if it 's like this 
Look at you you 're getting entangled again , buy it at once 
Their wallets =wo n't have discount to where they 're 30 or so , right ? 
Have you seen any ? 
No 
If they do then I 'd wait longer 
OK 
I have n't seen any , not sure 
Buy at once , you 're too wordy 
Yeah , yeah 
Sorry , I did n't receive your calls because I was rushing on something these two days . Can I call you this evening ? : ) 
OK , I am free after 5:30 p.m. , I can contact you later 
OK ! Call you this evening 
hi , this is Tong Xin . We Tongji alumni are having buffet at Rongyuan at noon on Saturday . Are you coming ? 
Oh , I already have an appointment at noon . Have you guys already set the time or not ? 
Just set , it can be changed 
Then , what do you think of Sunday noon ? 
Can you make it Friday evening ? 
Mainly because I ca n't go as I have to work in the school on weekends 
Then , I have to ask the others , hold on a second 
OK , sorry to bother you , hehe 
Set , 7 o'clock tomorrow evening and it is still at Rongyuan . How 's that ? 
OK , no problem , sorry to have bothered you 
Do you need a ride ? 
No , I do n't want to trouble you , I can drive there myself 
OK 
Due to the weather , the venue for today is changed to Fu Lin Men next to UV . See you at 7 this evening 
OK , see you in the evening 
When you come do n't tell my father you went to play soccer , just say you went to do some errands . If he asks 
OK 
Yes , my name is there 
Is it that 2012 individual work summary document , right ? 
What do you want ? 
Right , help me ask about it , how long have we not had money issued . What month will they issue it .
In a bit when I come to pick you up I wo n't go up , 
Training is not over until five o'clock , by the time I get to where you are everybody 's getting out , there no way I can park 
Look at the situation before deciding 
I 'm here on the weekend , I have been feeling bad and sleeping today 
Oh , I 'll be on the campus around afternoon or evening time tomorrow . Around what time will you be on the campus ? 
I 'm on the campus the whole time 
Oh , where on the campus are you ? Is there an address ? 
Finished classes ? 
We ’re at the internet cafe already .
Got it 
Zhu Qiang just sent this to me 
Really ! 
Did n’t say 
When is the exam ? Where ? 
I ’m taking the exam , everyone ’s back now .
Are you taking the exam ? 
Immediately 
Fast , brother Lei 
Wait a sec , you go down first , 
Do n't stand there .
Are n't you coming ? 
I 'll get there in a bit 
Received .
Are you still coming back ? 
I 'll return in the afternoon , I 'm at a coworker 's house .
Can you help me tell Dong Fangxu and Zhu Xiankang about that message just now 
OK .
Are you still going to play ? 
Yes , we 're going in a bit .
OK 
I 'll also go , is it still there ? 
Has it finished ? 
Not yet , it should be soon .
OK 
I 'll go there in a bit and meet up then .
We 're all coming back in a bit , have to take a test 
When ? 
Did n't say , its fine if you return by three o'clock 
You must come back 
It will be ok if you can come back at three o’clock 
Shall we go back ? 
We will go back once we are done playing with this round 
Please help find a camera to take a picture here 
I will ask Li Gang to wait for a little while up there 
I am sorry . I just finished busying with my child 
Oh , no problem . All you need to do is to send me the account number ~ and which bank the card is from 
Will do I will give the account number to my mother . She has time to go make a deposit these a couple of days~ 
Good . Thank you so much My USB key has a problem and can not make money transfer anymore 
Um , you ’re welcome~ 
Oh , is 3,000 not enough ? 
Transfer RMB 4,000 for me then . Thank you 
Do you think that giving 4,000 for the Chinese New Year is too much ? 
Or is it because aunt can not transfer that much ? 
No. I just want to confirm . Everything should work . I will tell her to transfer 4,000 then 
Um , 4,000 then 
Thank you 
Good . I will tell you when the transfer is done 
Good . Verify the name and account number . Sometimes the bank makes mistakes . Thank you ! 
Oh , okay . I do n’t know how to calculate it . I will do what you say~ 
Okay 
I will contact you tomorrow to give you a check 
=Dear , does Chinatown sell cake ? Not so sweet cake , American cake is too sweet 
Yes , go to Mizhiyuan to buy mousse cake , it is very delicious , whose birthday is it ? 
Is it expensive or not ? This Friday is my birthday 
I will go out to company you , it 's not expensive 
I will buy tomorrow 
Ok , what time do you want to buy it tomorrow ? 
What flavor do you like ? I will ask my friend there to book a fresh one for you 
I will go to buy after school in the afternoon 〜 
What is the price of the cake ? I am afraid it is expensive 〜 Because I do n't want to celebrate the birthday so much 〜 
About ten =yuan 
That is really not expensive 〜 Is it kind of a small piece or kind of a whole one ? 
A whole one . How about I go out with you tomorrow ? At school I will confirm with you or after school 
OK 〜 I have bothered you 〜 ^ _ ^ 
No bother 
Happy birthday , hope I did n't miss the day ! 
Haha , it is still the same day . Thanks director !! 
what have you been busy with , director ? 
It 's alright , I have forgotten everything about geography 
I am looking for business to do , it is not easy to find business . Has to be thoroughly thought through 
Haha , it has been so long . Everybody has forgotten 
In which field do you want to do business , director ? 
I have a lot of options that are taken into consideration . For example , opening a store and selling stuffs , opening a restaurant , opening a noodle restaurant . I have thought about doing a lot of things , now I am in the period of inspection 
I think catering is not bad , but it might lack some specialty with the noodle restaurant 
Right , have you thought about opening a franchise ? 
I have thought about it . Actually good brands do not allow franchises , the brands which you can join are not any famous brands . I want to investigate outside of the province 
Do you remember the Jixiang Wonton we had in Nanjing ? Personally I think it is not bad 
Ah ? I do n't think I have had it . Which road is it on ? 
It is in the west gate of our school , the wontons are really big 
Nanjing has a restaurant for curry , it tastes super good . But it is not like a chain restaurant 
Seems that I have n't had it , there used to be someone who opened a restaurant which had that big size wontons , then it came to nothing .
I think people from Nanning like the wontons of Hong Kong style , they are small and the soup is sweet 
A Liao said my skills can be compared to Laoyou Noodle Restaurant 
I said what my aunt makes is 10 times more delicious than I do , I have her recipe as well 
But it is not that you can open a restaurant when it is delicious , there are other things 
I think it does n't matter what types of restaurants you are going to open , you have to have your own specialty 
You can still investigate on the wonton business , because Xinting and I think it is good 
Do you still remember the name of the restaurant ? Let me search online 
How have you been lately ? When are you going to graduate ? 
Jixiang Wonton 
Let me take a look first , if it is suitable I will have to go to Nanjing first 
That .. If I had autism , would I be talking to you ? 
Um um , to gain more knowledge 
I just finished chatting with a kid who has autism 
I will , there are levels for autism . He is a little bit autistic 
Yuanyuan Mama , how have you been recently . Busy ? 
My mother in law left , I 've been a bit busy , but still good , oh , right , we got our house settled .
After my mother in law left I was very busy , but still ok , free , 
Oh , right , we got our house settled , its being handed over in mid March , in Spring we 'll invite you and Little Shitou to our place to play 
That 's great , we 'll definitely go 
This is really good news , I am happy for you Yuanyuan Mama .
If you have anything we need to help you with when the time comes tell us .
OK , thanks , ha ha 
My mother in law left , I 've been a bit busy , but still good , oh , right , we got our house settled .
Dear , when will you be at the transportation computer room ? Can I ask you to help me print homework ? 
Sure . I just arrived , haha 
Ah , then I 'll send it to you then go over and get it ? Are you still getting ready to come to class in the afternoon ? 
I 'm hesitating . Is n't today starting to lecture about the project ? 
Yeah , I do n't know . But even if it is the project , the software still needs to be taught . He still has n't taught other software , and also - InDesign . I do n't know what his plan is for illustrate 
Oh , oh , right , ha . I should go then in case new things are lectured , ߘ ܀ 1 
Send it to my wu . 1202 mailbox 
Do n't =know why I ca n't open gmail today 
Okay 
Much bigger than last time 
Are the dimensions right ? 
Yes . Ca n't do anything about it . There are many chart layers . It should be letter size 
See if it 's this big when printed 
Right , tt just has that sort of little white margin near the edges 
Hmm , that 's OK then . Thank you , thank you 
No problem , no problem . I 'll bring it for you when I go to class later then 
Okay , thank you , thank you , oh hahahahaha 
Dear , will you be on your campus on Thursday or tomorrow ? The teacher thinks I did it too simply . I may have to redo it again later . Boo hoo , boo hoo 
Sorry , ha . I just got off work . I 'll definitely be at school at noon the day after tomorrow . Wo n't necessarily be there tomorrow . Just send it to me when you finished it . Hehe 
Okay , thank you . Sigh , this class is so troublesome 
Fatty Sister , this is the telephone for Brother Great these two days 
number 
Fatty Sister , Brother Great is flying away . Bye - bye , Fatty Sister 
Fatty Brother , what 's that ? I saw someone inside leading others in doing all kinds of movements 
They are even shouting and clapping randomly . What 's this kind of thing for ? So weird , they said they were training 
But the interview today had much fewer people =compared to yesterday , but I guess it was very boring as well 
Oh , sweat 
For a company like this , one needs to think it over a bit more 
Fatty Sister , all of them are 40 - 50 years old 
All of them have half a head of white hair 
And all of them are intel fab managers 
Oh , then why are they here for interview ? 
Change company 
Intel is good enough . Why change ? 
The one before me is here now after going to intel following the closing down of a small company , sweat 
Already a supervisor 
OK , OK , and you even wanted to go to Intel . It looks like it is also bad there 
Here to take other people 's job 
It looks like Brother Great can go back today 
Pfft 
Oh , hahahahaha , Fatty Sister already has 10 parcels mailed out , they will arrive tomorrow 
Sweat , oh , OK 
Fatty Sister has made big bucks this time 
Fatty Sister , Brother Great has boarded the plane and is about to fly 
No , only 400 , I ca n't even afford a lens , but very soon other stuff is coming in 
Brother Great will buy some for you after going back 
Brother Great is switching off the phone . Bye - bye , Fatty Sister 
Fatty Brother , is the address you stapled still the old address ? 
Hey … 
Second brother , I do n't think she is that kind of person , 
After meeting after Chinese New Year 's you just say the two sets that are coming , you 'll get one set per person , as to how the remaining stuff is to be dealt with we 'll deal with it then , do you say this is doable 
Yeah , I was just thinking this , she just finished sending to me , I 'll send them to you 
Before meeting we will first communicate , I think that with her sending this information and coming to my place , she has some intention , otherwise she would not have contacted you saying she 'd come herself 
He went and told me , saying he 'd send me vegetables , I understand 
At any rate you have a bottom line ! I am thinking of you ! 
Spring festival has come , thinking is my hope , messages are my paper , the wind is my embrace , beautiful liquor is my words from the heart , the sound of bells is my greeting , gift flowers are my wishes , snowflakes are my greeting card , happiness is my wish ! I wish you happiness every day , good fortune forever … … 
Haha , thanks Jiji 
Bring this to our parents , but still strongly despise those who sent group messages 
[ Damn it | your sister ] Changsen 
Despise you sent group messages 
Greet an early Happy New Year to our parents in advance ! 
Boo hoo , the white sold out 
Haha , go with the red , Valentine 's Day gift 
Haha , right , ha ! 
Did you buy that gf5 ? 
No. Still want to wait for the white 
I saw dual lens on ebay is 506 . Feels very decent , but it 's from Hong Kong . Do n't know if it is real or fake 
If it 's from Hong Kong then forget it 
Uh huh , afraid it 's fake , ha 
I 'm not going to take the afternoon class 
Okay , haha , I know you 're busy on Valentine 's Day , ha oh hahahahaha 
No , it 's that I am psychologically =uncomfortable being bullied by the teacher , boo hoo 
Pat pat . Sigh , some teachers are just like this . Do n't take it to heart , ha 
The point is he said I copied from someone else but I really wrote this word by word , boo hoo 
Ah , are you serious ? Then this is really too far 
I discovered that your LDC 's card was in my bag == 
Right , I forgot to ask you for it , you did n't give it back when you used it in the bathroom 
So when will you use it ? I 'll bring it over for you 
I wo n't be using it immediately , you can give it to me whenever you have time 
Thanks , how is that one of yours doing ? 
He is still coming over tonight , I 'll see what the situation is 
His school has something , I can not come over early 
That 's ok , see how things are then 
Do you think I should let him come to my house at will ? 
For example there are also his friends , the last time he came it was like this , the two both came in , it was too crowded , my place is small to begin with , but I feel it is rude if I do n't invite them in 
I also have to clean up for this , it ’s a pain 
You do n't need to invite him in 
I myself think , if you have others just forget about it 
It 's nothing 
Unless he has something he wants to say 
Oh , OK , I understand , when the time comes I 'll see if it 's one person coming to see me or two people 
So do I have to take the initiative to ask you to come in and sit ? If it is just one person 
OK 
It 's a surprise that he got married so early 
Yes 
I still remember that he liked Huang Lu before 
Haha 〜 yes 
I still remember Huang Jie or Ge Lin liked him 
=It was Huang Jie 
I liked Liang Zhaowei at that time 
Now , think what did we know about love at that time 
My mother met Wu Jian 's mother some time ago 
She said about =what he is doing now , I do n't remember 
Yes , we are so naive at that time 
Anyway , he , Liang Zhaowei and Wu Jian were all very slutty at that time 
They played blindly at that time 
But the feelings are pure at that time 
We did n't need to think about the future 
How is Wu Jian 
We could be happy for a long time if there was any pink news at that time 
We played with them after class 
We just thought about how to =finish our homework everyday 
Love was so ignorant 
Haha 
Pink news 
Yes 
Because of =Tang 
Yes 
Childhood has passed like this 
I just felt so miserable at that time 
Forced by Tang 
I wanted to graduate as soon as possible 
Now I want to go back to primary school 
Although this teacher has laid a good studying foundation for us 
But also made a big shadow 
Yes 
We did n't need to worry about anything at that time , [ pinpricks | small hit small tempest ] 
Who did n't want to play with who 
They were all [ little things | pediatrics ] 
For now 
Now we need to think about the future 
It 's so annoying 
Yes 
We just needed to finish homework before 
Scared 
Scared ? 
Scared of what ? 
There is rat squeaking 
From downstairs ? 
I do n't understand 
There is n't , there is no holes anymore 
I am looking for books in the library , =will be back soon 
Coming back 
Do n't freak out 
It is raining 
Did you bring an umbrella ? 
That 's good 
I did bring 
I am in the classroom now 
slice the chicken , soak the mushrooms 
May I ask who you are ? 
A friend whom you deleted 
Are you a male or a female ? 
You have two numbers 
What is your screen name ? What is your number ? 
Guduyipin 
This is not my number . I changed my mobile phone number 
Oh , you used this number to call me before . Which number do you use now ? Is that the one you just used ? 
Oh . Who uses it now ? 
Other people . Anyhow , do n’t send it here anymore . I gave this card to my husband and my child already 
I am here . How could I have deleted you ? 
In QQ . How can you forget about me in so soon ? 
I 'd like to ask if you have Brother Li 's telephone number ? He has quite a few telephone numbers . I ca n't tell which is his number . Do you have his number ? Give me a few numbers . I 'm afraid I wo n't be able to get him . If you have , give me a few more . Thanks 
Oh , it seems he often uses Internet phone , so his telephone number keeps changing 
Oh , gosh , in that case , how do you contact him when you do delivery ? 
Oh , qq 
Gosh , I take my hat off to you . In that case , give me his QQ 
Or email 
So , do you have his QQ and email address ? I need to get in touch with him 
OK , thanks , I 'll look for him 
Brother Lei , I have to go my mother in law 's place tonight , grandpa is having a birthday .
OK , I 'll just say you went back to Weihai then .
OK , thank you brother , 
There 's no way I ca n't go back during the first year of marriage , I ask brother to forgive and understand 
OK 
Fatty Brother , that amazon course of yours has been sold 
Huh ? What course ? A book ? 
No , it 's a card , ah , Fatty Brother , mac is having a sale , help me buy 
Fatty Sister calculated the price , and after the discount , the whole set is even cheaper than the previous travel set 
Huh ? Oh , wow , even that was sold ? 
OK , Fatty Sister , send over 
Er , I saw it , Brother Great is putting on clothes and going to school 
Hmm , I 'll tell you something later 
Fatty Brother , an American actually asked me to recommend him for a job . He said his current company had too little fund and was going to close down . He asked me whether there are good jobs in China 
Sweat 
Fatty Sister , Brother Great wants to join the Oriental Cult , wahahaha , Brother Great worships the Oriental Goddess cult leader 
, pfft , Fatty Brother , did you see the qq message ? Obama will do the opening for our graduation ceremony this year 
Huh ? Wow , Brother Great will definitely want to go 
But , in that case , cameras will not be allowed in there 
I do n't know , I heard this time ours is the grandest graduation ceremony in the whole of the United States 
Hey , our graduation ceremony is on May 5 
Got it 
Fatty Brother , the landlord told me just now that I owed chase more than $ 900 in 2008 , so weird 
Huh ? 
Same first name and same =last name 
Yes , I 'll tell you later on qq 
Show him your visa 
hi , dear , I forgot to bring my cellphone to work today , I just got home . If it is convenient for you tomorrow , can you give me a call after getting up in the morning ? What time do you usually leave ? I 'll wait for you at the kroger entrance 
OK , then I 'll wait for you at the Chase ATM near your home at about five past nine . I happen to have to deposit a check there anyway . Is it convenient for you to walk through the =shrubs ? 
OK , no problem , I 'll wait for you there at 9 , thanks !!! 
You 're welcome , rest early , see you tomorrow morning 
OK , good night : ) 
Have you left home ? 
Arriving in a second 
Have you slept ? 
I can look after your son for you 
I have n’t slept yet 
I pick my daughter up at five o’clock everyday 
Have you asked ? 
Do n’t ’ make me late 
Did you leave your house at five o’clock ? 
Yes 
That road always has traffic jams 
Okay . I will ask my husband to go on time in due course 
Okay 
I will tell you when I need your help the week after the 19th . Thank you ! 
You still can not be back at five o’clock ? 
It is not the 19th . It is the 10th 
How 's this week been ? Do you have time to join our Friday night party ? 
No time . I 'm testing comps for 12 classes next week . Been preparing like crazy for tests this month , and still have to look for work . Boo hoo , boo hoo . Work is so hard 
So many things . Hope you can still get rest and wisdom from God 
Hope so , hope so . Praying everyday , but still no big gain . I think this major is too difficult to deal with 
Do what you can . Let God be in charge of the rest 
I 'm going to sleep , I called you but no one picked up 
Fatty Brother , can our tuition fee actually be refunded ? 
What tuition fee ? 
Just tuition fee 
Has anyone of you had it refunded ? 
Brother Great =has n't heard that it can be refunded 
Yes , yes , 2000 was refunded for one semester 
How to do that ? A Chinese ? 
Yes , she got an =accountant to do it , it was refunded after she got a job outside 
This may depend on the school , Brother Great will check 
Oh , OK 
You should ask her how she got the refund , or call the school directly 
Fatty Sister , Brother Great has checked , =not =anyone said this 
Fatty Sister , any clues from your schoolmate ? 
She herself is also not sure , an accounting firm did it for her directly 
Which accounting firm ? From outside ? 
Yes , it is called h & r block 
I 've checked , it 's a tax refund company 
Yes , yes , a nationwide tax refund chain company 
Are you sure hers is 2,000 a semester and not one year one semester ? 
No , he is one semester , but he applied only after starting work , I do n't know whether I can apply only after starting work or I can do it now 
So he got 4,000 a year ? 
No , she quit school halfway , so she got only one semester , but she can apply to refund all the taxes from the previous few years 
I checked early this morning , some said it can be refunded , some said it can not be refunded , that 's why I feel very lost 
So , was the money given to him by the school or government ? 
She said she does n't know , the accounting firm did everything , she only knows that she got $ 2,000 , she applied together with her American schoolmates back then 
Fatty Brother , can you GTALK me ? 
This can only be explained clearly on the phone , Brother Great knows roughly what it is about 
How many years have he been in the United States ? 
OK , in the evening then 
About four years 
Fatty Brother , do you think Fatty Sister can do the same thing ? 
Likely not , you can if you want to , but there may be after - effects in future 
Oh , then forget it if it affects the green card application 
hey , is there any homework for our ps class this week ? 
No , homework is to be handed in on March 21 after spring break 
Excellent … 
Thanks 
I have printed out and am reviewing the case compiled by you , my senior . Thank you !!! 
You 're welcome , cheers ! 
OK ! Thanks ! 
Senior ^^ I wonder when it is convenient for me to get the law examples from you ~ 
I sent them to you altogether 
Is it that land use law 2 folder ? ~~ 
Engineer Gao : Hello ! Can the verification of the quantities of Zhengqi =phase two be completed this year ? 
It has been sent to the designing institute already . They are verifying it now . The verification will be done this afternoon .
Good .
Good . Please send it to Engineer Wu immediately after the verification . Engineer Wu has to send the settlement of balances to the Economics Research Institute before Thursday 
Has Old Nun asked for us ? 
Nope . Still talk like that ? 
Yes … Thanks , Big Brother ~ Send me an SMS when Old Nun is gone .
Come after the first class . There are parents =sitting in , and those who are late will get marked 
Fatty Sister , Brother Great is at the airport now 
Oh , OK , have a safe trip 
What time is your interview tomorrow ? 
What is the dumb girl doing ? 
At work 
, , , , Oh , Brother Great will go to eat pan-fried buns the moment he gets off the plane , wahahahahaha 
Pfft , what time is your interview tomorrow ? 
From early morning to evening 
What time ? Fatty Sister will blow you some good luck this evening , wahahahahaha 
Pfft , , , , Brother Great does n't remember , either , and will tell Fatty Sister after arriving in the evening 
Pfft 
Brother Great has started lining up 
OK , is your car ready and set ? 
Yes 
They did it 
In that case , let your little pig trotters run towards your pan-fried bun , wahahahahaha 
Wahaha , Brother Great is flying there for pan-fried bun , already on the plane 
Brother Great is flying , bye - bye , Fatty Sister 
Bye - bye 
Fatty Brother , how is it ? 
Brother Great is waiting for a car to go to hertz 
Oh , no way , it has been so long , I even thought you had reached the hotel 
Fatty Brother , Fatty Sister wants to buy the kind of tablet that a keyboard can slot into 
I saw someone buying an ipad and using it as a mini computer after adding a keyboard . I also want to buy something like that , but the ipad system is too dumb . I want a windows tablet that has a usb port . Is there one in the market now ? 
Oh ? Is n't tablet 2 the same as a mini computer ? 
Fatty Sister , Brother Great is in , wahahahahahaha 
Pfft , pan-fried bun 
Not only that , Brother Great also wants to eat other stuff 
OK , eat , come back fat and round 
Brother Great likes this place , wahahahahahaha 
As long as they want Brother Great , Brother Great will come 
Pfft 
Brother Great wants to do takeaway for breakfast 
It 's quite authentic and tastes even better than the one in San Francisco 
Pfft , it looks very ugly 
Pfft , so authentic , exactly the same as the one in China 
Fatty Brother , how is it ? 
Fatty Brother , how is it over at your side ? 
Fatty Sister ? 
Fatty Sister , la is really a great place , wahahahahahaha 
Hmph , extreme contempt 
Brother Great will take away a box of smoked fish later 
Pfft , worship 
(( But little lobsters at his place are no good )) 
Pfft , so choosy 
Fatty Sister , what is the email for your chase quick pay ? 
Fatty Sister , Brother Great is lining up 
lemonfirer@hotmail . com 
Fatty Sister , bye - bye , Brother Great is flying now 
I am leaving in a little while .
Let me know in advance when you leave . I am in the office .
No 
Did you get any updated news in the afternoon ? 
Just wait 
I checked . I can not print the admission ticket .
(( Zhong )) .
Sure 
En , all right 
He is not going to the Yantai Bureau to visit you . It should be for other matters .
Xiangxi will also join us for apartment hunting tomorrow 
Let 's meet at his home at 10 o'clock tomorrow 
I 'll find a few more places and look at them all in one go 
You 're free in the afternoon , right ? 
Saw it ! Excellent 
OK , see you tomorrow then 
Brother Qiang , how have you been lately ? 
A bit terrible , no so good . What 's up ? 
I know Brother Qiang does n't feel well , specially coming here to cheer you up 
Send you a pretty picture 
=Liar , where is the picture ? 
It is delivered , you have n't received it yet ? 
It says delivered on my side 
A long picture 
I got it 
Meow star people [ emoticon ] 
It is so cute , it cures me instantly 
This one is also =cute 
I believe it can cure Brother Qiang who has a children 's mind 
That 's Uncle Cat 
It likes sushi so much 
Sigh =yes yes . I have been so annoyed lately , need to be cured by cute pictures 
Saying that when saw the pictures of chinchillas reminds me so much of my =Mr. Q 
Sigh , it is timid . Was =Mr.Q the same ? 
Yes chinchillas are all timid 
That 's in their nature 
Because they are not equipped with any aggressive ' weapons ' 
Till now I can only feel his head 
Have to seduce him with food , train him 
Every time when it catches food , it will go hide in the house 
Hahaha , is it a squirrel ? 
I feed it with food in my hand , and fight the food over with it . Hehe 
Right that 's a squirrel . Very cute , right ? Haha 
Um big tails , so cute . Are you done with classes over there ? 
, , , I forgot .. =It is already 15 . [ emoticon ] Alright , start over 
You do n't =sleep in the middle of the night , are you doing anything bad ? 
It is late night here on my side … It is almost 12 … It will be 15 soon 
I just finished washing up . Haha 
Alright ... makes me feel it 's getting dark when you said it . Your work - rest pattern is the same as A Fei 's . It is also =sleeping 
chinchillas are nocturnal animals 
Tell you what , my dad is so funny . In the middle of the day he tells =Mr. Q that " it is time to get up and exercise , the sun is shining on your butt " 
Then till night before =it sleeps he says " it is already so late and you are jumping around , hurry and go rest " 
Let me show you how it looks like 
Hahaha , uncle is so funny .. 
It was the same for my dad when he saw =it at the first glance , he said it is that fat , let 's feed him with more food so he can exercises well ! 
Its shape looks all rounding out … The head looks so small 
Actually they are very fury , in fact they are rather thin 
They also like to stoop , which piles up all the furs , that 's why they look very fat 
Many people said it is a mouse .. 
A Fei is so adorable and dull 
I feel =sad , too . It is so adorable , how on earth would it look like a mouse ? 
How old is Mr. Q ? Is it also fat ? 
Over 1 year old … 
It was fat when it was young , however , became thinner when it got older 
It is not as round as it was when it was young . Especially earlier my parents fed him with domestic pet food , his weight dropped drastically 
I was so heart - broken 
Oh that how it is … Looks like when it becomes older it loses weight … But it should be alright . You will be anxious if it =gets sick when it is too fat 
chinchillas are afraid of getting enterogastric diseases , so you have to be careful with its diet 
In winter if your hands get cold , it 's better not to hold it , in case it makes its tummy cold 
Ah , you ca n't touch its back , and its tummy .. Um just feed it with grass and food 
Besides if its diet is too nutritious , and it does n't eat grass and the like , it will produce soft poops , it will get diarhrrea if it gets worse 
My Q had soft poops when it first came to Nanjing and it was n't being adaptive 
You can touch its back 
If it is grass , Timothy will be the best 
He seems to be able to =make some noise 
Alfalfa seems to be too nutritious 
What is =zha mao ? 
Makes some noise 
That means it does n't like it that way ... Maybe it will be better when you two get closer 
chinchillas are the most expressive animals when it comes to facial expressions 
For example it knows how to show when it is bored , happy and angry 
He will make some noise when he does n't like it . He will turns his back to you if he wants to ignore you . If he is rather angry , he will spray urine at you and throw poop balls at you 
Hahaha , throwing poop balls 
Of course when its poops are too nutritious , he will pick some to eat when in the middle of the pooping session 
... I am going to throw up 
Actually I like it the most when I watch it wash its face , rubs its face so hard , and smoothes its whiskers . Haha 
Haha it has a heavy taste 
I can send iMessage , haha 
Brother , this is my real number 
Ok ! Hoho 
Wo n't it be too expensive ? 
It does n't charge anything , it charges on weak data usage 
Right , you give a notice to the aunt who sent you the phone 
Um ! Already did . Haha 
Um , that 's good then . Btw , you have n't sent me the picture of your girlfriend 
Er .. That , I have forgotten . Haha 
... when are you going to send it to me ? 
Later then , I do n't have a lot myself .
Alright 
You keep it in mind 
Um you do n't have to worry about this . I will send it to you via QQ 
Okay 
hmart has shad . Have you bought them before ? It ’s shad fish 
No. We have bought cod , snapper , and other stuff at hmart . I do n’t know what shad look like 
It 's just shad fish . You can try it next time . It sells for 2,000 RMB a half - kilo in China 
It ’s supposed to be very tasty 
Stella . Will you go to watch the psychodrama next week ? 
I think I wo n't 
Will anyone go then ? How about Wen Tin ？ 
She has n't decided .. 
Fine ... I 'm looking for someone to come back together 
By the way , do you always come back during daytime when you go to New York ? 
All at night 〜 
Do you get off at the 30 street 's stop then ? 
Yes , megabus 
How do you go back home then ? Bus ? 
I =take the school shuttle 
Is it ok for one person ? 
It 's ok 
You can ask some native of our class to go and back by taking a car together 〜 
What should I say then ? I just say that I want to go home ? 
You just say that you want a shuttle to pick you up and take you home 
I have booked the ticket , so I ca n't invite other people 
Where do you wait for the car then ? 
Anywhere , you give him your address , it 's door to door 
That 's pretty good 
Yes , yes 
What time do you usually arrive ? 
After 10 o'clock at night 
shuttle serves until 3 o'clock in the morning 
Actually I come back at about over 8 o'clock , so I do n't really want to disturb them .
But I think it 's not quite safe to walk to take a subway 
er , you should think that the shuttle service is included in your tuition ... 
I called every time .. it 's better than being unsafe 
Fine , I had better call for the shuttle then 
The tuition is so expensive 
Haha , correct 
You are welcome 
OK , thanks 
Today I read in a book that with a child as old as Cathy not being able to correctly establish cause and effect relationships , she will likely establish a fairly strange logic .
For example if she knocks over some juice , and her father happens to get a fever , she will think that she caused her father to get a fever .
So when he asks why , you must seriously answer , after entering elementary school , he 'll ask even more questions 
Oh , her logic now is very good 
When you ask her why she knows how to answer most of the time 
The kind of logical errors you described have not yet occurred 
This is not a logical error , she just connects two matters that happen relatively close to each other together , 
This will likely occur in many areas , the example I gave was of course fairly exaggerated 
Oh , ha ha , PhD Liu naturally loves research , next time I 'll help write down Cathy 's transcript for you 
However , your family 's genes are good , you should do your best to foster them , do n't waste them 
You have to start reading books , American mothers start at a little over 2 years old 
Did we leave the little white box that we keep wet wipes at your house ? 
Happy days will begin 
Your wet wipes are at my house 
You did n’t pick up the phone when I called you at noon 
Yes . I just picked up my mother 
When should I give it to you ? 
I am calling on you 
Okay 
Send my regards to your mother 
Thank you 
Hehe 
Are you busy ? 
Let ’s go have hotpot together when you have time 
You busy with your business first 
I bought some yesterday , will buy more on the weekend or next week and give them altogether to you . You 're not in a hurry to mail them , are you ? 
No. How many did you buy ? I was in class just now , hehe 
Oh , maybe 30 - 40 by next week , wait for me , go to your class , talk when I arrive tomorrow 
Wow , awesome , from where have you been able to buy so many ? 
Free on the weekend ? 
Which day ? Your hubby is here ? Let 's go for a meal 
Yes , yes . Free tomorrow noon ? Let 's have Buffet . Bring along family members 
OK , where do you plan to go ? 
Rongyuan . Let me ask Chen Na =again 
I 'll be a few minutes late , my hubby is still lazing in bed , hehe 
OK , call me when you arrive 
Change the final paragraph of your outstanding group member materials to how to organize group member youth development activities as soon as possible , add electrical grid construction contents , and then resend to me 
OK 
Did you change it yourself ? 
I thought it would be best to mainly write methods and results 
=How how to organize development recreational and sports activities , establish youth cultural numbers , care for youth growth , honors awarded and so on , do n't use the first person to write third person titles , directly use the third person to write this .
This was revised by myself , 
OK , then I 'll revise it again , and give it to you tonight , 
I 'm currently out .
OK ! That ’s the hard work ! 
It 's nothing , the leader works even harder ! 
Are you on the way ? 
I 've arrived 
So fast , OK , I 'll hurry , I was helping a friend do problems just now , she has to hand this comps test paper in on Monday 
You said it was 11 ? 
I thought I was late 
No , you said it was 11:30 
I said it was 11:30 
I always see only half … 
What time tomorrow ? 
We 've arrived 
And you guys ? 
It 's not a holiday for school , right ? 
No 
Have you set out ? 
No c 
Lin 
How about I go there on Wednesday and Friday ? 
I will go at 12 o'clock today 
Forget it , I will go nevertheless ... 
Will we finish taking the last subject on April 30th 
Which day then ? 
No 
There are things in May as I remember 
I do n't know 
Can you finish talking about the things within half an hour ? Tonight 's 
We should be able to 
We prepared it as half an hour 
It 's not reckoned by time ? 
Yes 
About more than ten minutes for one person 
So do us , then we deleted a lot 
Totally half an hour for two persons , right ? 
Fine , I think we are a little bit rush 
Fine ...... see you tonight then 
I will prepare for it first 
Please check what 's the date for the last subject for me 
I have n't recorded it ... 
I do n't know neither . I have n't record , but I remember that some issues are delayed to May .
In my impression 
Ask other people then , it 's in May as I remember 
Do you know that we should apply for a tax refund 
We do n't have wages so we ca n't apply . That is application of wage rebate 
Tuition also needs to be rebated 
This ca n't be returned 
The wage tax is returned 
It can , my ex-boyfriend has rebated 
It was tuition 
He 's rebated more than one thousand 
His wage is returned 
It ca n't be returned 
He must got it wrong 
Are you sure ? 
Yes , because my boyfriend has a wage , so I got to know a little bit of the details of tax refund in passing when he made a tax refund 
But I saw a post which is written about it in Xiaonei before 
That is wage rebate 
Has it been told about what the statistics exam is about ? 
[ Damn | I go ] 
All contents told in class 
I had a toothache all night and have diarrhoea now , I wo n't go today , I will start to go next weekTT 
I 'm online 
I 'm online . Take your time 
It 's raining . You take your time as well 
Uh-huh 
Xuxu , do you have the answer key ? Send me one if you do , thanks 
You are ? I do n't have the answer key and I am looking for it 
Second brother , I do n't have the answer key , Xiaoqiang does 
Hon , have you received the supplement yet ? The one that bought on Amazon 
Yes , it came . I forgot to bring it 
I will tell you tonight 
Okay 
I am not going to upenn tomorrow . Can I give it to you on Monday ? Or are you going downtown ? For instance , 18 Walnut ? 
Then , give it to me next week . I have been busy with the final papers recently 
Okay 
I am glad you are not in a hurry . I have been extremely busy today 
I forgot to put it in the bag 
No problem . That is what I need to bring back to the home country . It is okay as long as I get it by the end of April 
BTW . Can you bring a few cans of milk powder back to the home country for me ? 
I do n’t think I can bring it this time . I am bringing a checked luggage all together . I have to bring a lot of supplements and books , as well as shavers and things as such 
[ Damn | Your sister ] 
[ Damn | Your sister ] ~^ _ ^~ You ca n’t play on your cell phone in class 
Go away … . Bad Jiji 
I ’m in class . What ’s up , dad ? 
Oh my god , I ’ve become elderly ! This is Zhao Yang 
Oh my god ! I saved the wrong number . T^T My dad also just changed his cell phone T^T 
It ’s only off by two numbers T^T 
Oh , ho ho . The rehearsal will be on the 29th . Can you see if you can come over ? If you ca n’t come , come later at the wedding 
Okay . I will ask for leave in a little while ~^ _ ^~ 
Can you ask for leave again when we get married ? 
Um~ I will go ask first today , to see if I can ask for both leaves ~^ _ ^~ 
Ha ha , all right . It would be best if you can come twice . Han Meijian will come , too 
Ah , okay ~^ _ ^~ 
OK 
I asked , currently we are short one person , do you have a friend that would like to join , its approximately 44 dollars a person , every person getting 1g , calling and sending messages are free 
Does it have to be someone in our FAMILY PLAN ? Or can it also be someone from another FAMILY PLAN ? 
I am sorry I was coaching a kid , I can only send messages 
You have to transfer out from them there 
That line date will still not change , it 's just their plan will have one person less , so it does n't matter if it 's at the end of the period or not 
And then join our PLAN before its good ? 
It 's just that the original plan will change from 5 people to 4 
I have friends that are on INDIVIDUAL PLAN , can they also join ours ? 
That is great 
That is even more convenient 
You ask them and if they consent I 'll go ask how to do it next week 
I 'll ask her first and then give you a response 
OK , thanks , currently we are one short 
Will her phone fees also be lowered after she joins us ? 
That is he is not individual 
Actually she 's dividing 10g with another family of 10 people 
If we 5 people divide up its approximately 50 dollars 
What do you think , should we just divide up among 5 people , or divide up among 10 ? 
She will stay another half a year , but she is n't fully sure , I need to ask her 
That is every month 5 - 6 dollars more 
How much longer is your friend staying ? 
It is not so confusing for 5 people 
Let me know your wishes , ok 
Oh , that is a bit short 
5 , 6 dollars is not a big problem , it does n't matter for me 
Will you be on campus in a bit ? I 'll give you some health products 
I am currently madly writing a paper , to be turned in at 4 o'clock 
In approximately another 3 hours I 'll finish it and go to school to print it , will you be there then 
What time will that be ? 
3 o'clock 
Ugh , I 'm not familiar with there , today things are urgent , will you come to campus another time this week ? Tomorrow and the day after tomorrow my time is flexible 
Oh , OK , I 'll come tomorrow 
I 'll contact you 
Great , tomorrow I just have one class in the morning , noon and afternoon are both fine , if you come we may be able to have lunch together 
OK , I 'll contact you tomorrow morning 
okay 
Today I suddenly had something come up and went to the city center , I ca n't go to the University of Pennsylvania , will you come to the city center ? 
I 'll be here from approximately 2 o'clock to 3:30 , but I 'll definitely be at the University of Pennsylvania tomorrow morning to afternoon 
Then tomorrow then 
OK 
Do you have a paypal account or not , if so then I 'll forward the money to you 
Okay , I 'll forward it to you now 
Ugh , my advisor told me to come see him at 12:40 
When will you be done in the afternoon 
Tomorrow I have time from 12:20 to 1:40 , do you want to have lunch 
Are you busy tomorrow ? 
When do you end ? 
I do n't know the reason she is looking for me , I can not predict the time , but I do n't expect it to be longer than 2 hours 
Ugh , this morning I replied to her saying that that time would work 
So can she see you at 1:30 ? 
After you finish shall we drink some beverages together ? 
Its mainly that this is very impolite , he thought of me , and during the end of the semester did n't assign assignments for me 
Just when are you fished teaching 
So late , do you have to work so hard at teaching Chinese 
What time are you coming in the morning 
Then you try to change it 
It 's not easy to meet up 
Are you saying 12:20 ? 
Oh , OK 
I have to go to 7:00 pm before ending 
Today I have things to do so let 's move it to tomorrow 
Tomorrow I am free 12:20 to 1:40 
No , pile everything into one day 
Otherwise why do n't we have brunch 
Having brunch is too early 
I 'll arrive at 10:00 
And have to go to class 
Originally we were to end at 4 o'clock tomorrow , but in the end this afternoon was pushed to tomorrow 
What day are you leaving ? 
Ugh , are you in the library or another place 
I 'm first at the library and then drexel and then central city 
On Thursday afternoon I 'm flying to Florida , coming back Monday , but on Tuesday I 'm going to New York and preparing to take a plane back 
Then I 'll meet up with you at the library in the morning ok 
OK , then what time will you come back ? 
It 'll be August 6 I think 
Will you go back this year 
Oh , you 're be back for quite a while 
Probably wo n't work 
Then I 'll send an email to the professor , and see if I can see her an hour later 
Yeah , OK 
She regularly gets up very early in the morning to respond to emails 
If we can eat lunch together , then I 'll tell you 
OK , tell me when you know 
Are you teaching at van pelt tomorrow morning ? 
Recently I 've been in a terrible fix with being busy , and I do n't know what I 'm being busy for 
Right 
Where are you specifically , I can come find you 
That old guy wants to test , sharpening his spears just before battle 
I still have n't reserved it , you reminded me 
Damn 
You do n't have a room ? 
I sent an email , just saying I made an error and had previously arranged something for that period of time , and asked him to find another time of his in the afternoon to see me 
Uh oh , you even lied for me , ha ha 
Ha ha , its nothing , at any rate nothing big is getting delayed 
Have you reserved a place 
Yes 
101.9 
OK 
A basement room , right 
If we can not eat together they you come find me between 10:30 and 12:20 and I 'll give it to you 
Right 
A basement room 
OK , I know 
I 'm going to take a bath , see you tomorrow ! 
Yeah 
Good night 
Can we eat together ! I have to go over at 1:30 
OK , where shall we eat ? 
You decide 
Why do n't we go to koreana ? 
That should be fairly fast 
What do you want to have 
Can you not make it ? 
You first go and order for me , I 'll arrive at 12:30 , by that time if there are a lot of people I 'll have to wait 
One seafood soup , I think its number 21 
I know 
Do n't worry , I have it all the time , and am extremely familiar with it 
If it 's not number 21 then look to see which is seafood soup 
OK 
I 'm not familiar with it , why do n't you recommend a tasty one ? 
That one 's not bad , I also like it a lot 
Hi I am the other female senior of Du Yang 's . She said that you will write the check and then I send it to UCA ? 
Yep . : ) 
When is it convenient for you ? 
Tonight ? After I am done with my classes ... 
Maybe 6:30 
How about now ? 
I am now at my internship , have n't come back yet 
Oh … Alright 
So where do we meet then ? 
Are you free tomorrow ? 
I am sorry tomorrow I have to prepare for the test tomorrow night 
Then where will you be at night ? 
I will go look for you 
I will be at DRLB , 33 Walnut 
I ’m watching a movie . I will call you later .
Are you resting ? I have something to trouble you but I ’m worried that I might intrude on your rest . Cui 
All right 
Tonight is fine ； ） Thank you 
Is 8:00 okay with you ? 
After approximately what time ? 
Okay 
Class monitor Jiji , I ’ve sent messages to the advisor saying that my elder brother is getting married . I ’ll depend on you tomorrow 
Okay . ~^ _ ^~ I ’ll go pick up the leave permit tomorrow 
Okay 
The last time you sent money to my China Construction Bank , did you find my China Construction Bank opening branch ? 
Found it .
The money has n't arrived , has it ? 
Give me a call 
Received .
The guy renting my place wants to wire me money , he 's asking for my opening branch ! 
I 'm asking do you still remember it ? 
I will go at noon 
Um , okay 
Is it tonight ? 
Are you going today ? 
Okay 
? I can not understand your question 
(( It ’s not filled out )) 
Fill it out for next week then 
Can I come at noon ? 
It ’s qq 
Wa 
It was a typo 
Where are you having your meal ? 
I ate . I had breakfast and lunch at home 
Will you still be at LDC later ? 
Do you need me to bring you food ? 
Wa , when will it start ? 
I am going back now 
I will buy it myself 
I do n’t know . Let me go back to check 
XS said yesterday that there will be some files very soon and that I can work on them first and then get paid in June 
That ’s right . I have n’t finished checking them for her yet . I will go back to check now 
Are you not at ldc now ? 
Will you be there in the afternoon ? 
Good afternoon , daddy~ : ) 
I want to ask you if there is any money management and investment in America ? 
Hehe~good afternoon~ 
Money management and investment ? Fund 
How come America does this ? 
Fund is done all the time~401k of normal staff is invested in fund 
What 's 401k ? Is it the amount of money ? 
But how do normal person do fund ? 
Oh ...... I do n't quite know how to explain it , anyway it 's kind of a retirement pension , you can google it , hehe~you can directly buy it in a bank , some can be bought in stock market 
Why do you suddenly want to do this ? 
Because I have saved some spare money , it will be better if money breeds money , it 's saved there anyway 
Oh~then you can open a securities account and buy it , it 's the most convenient~ 
But there are risks for the unguaranteed ones , how can I know which fund is good ? 
About this , you can only make a research and select~All investment has risks~You can only buy national debt if you want it to be guaranteed 
You can select a more diversified fund , see what its portfolio has , if it has stocks , futures and national debt all , the risk will be much smaller 
I see ... does it have something like minimum investment ? 
Such as [ so - called | divine horse ] how much money you should invest at least 
It should have , but the details depend on how the fund specified . The requirements will be low if it is in the trading market , same as buying stocks , you buy as much as the amount of money you have 
Except the trading market , where else ? What 's the difference ? 
In addition , there are many need to be directly traded , you can directly contact those funds , however , if you trade like that , the minimum investment is normally very high 
I see~where should I open an account then ? 
Most stock trading platforms do not open for foreigners , but scottrade can 
What should I do then ? Accessing internet , opening an account , then making a research to select a fund , like this ? 
Yes , yes , you should open an account first~you can open one if you have SSN 
I see~go to scottrade 
Yes yes , correct~online registration is just ok 
Ok , I will dig it , hehe 
Have you made any investment ? 
I have bought some stocks , hehe 
But just check them after school , not too much money is invested 
Have you earned ? 
A little 〜 transaction fee is a little bit expensive , so there is no earned money after transacting ... so please do not transact carelessly ... 
What ? All the earned money is used to pay transaction fee ? 
Because I always moved it for nothing ... besides I only invested 1000 yuan , 7 yuan for each transaction 
Well , it means sell and buy 
What does move it for nothing mean ? Does it mean withdraw and invest ? 
How much can you earn normally ? 
Small investors like us invest casually , so it 's hard too say ... you will earn if you select the right one~ 
It 's stock market 〜 hehe 
Oh ... it seems very turbulent 
Why do n't you buy funds then ? 
Its return is quite low , I 'm a little bit radical , hehe 
Oh , oh , I see~I had better be stable then~=I ca n't afford to be hurt 
There are many kinds of funds , you can select those conservative ones 
Ok~is this so low that you can only earn couple of RMB out of 1000 yuan ? 
You can earn 10 % if you select well 
Oh , that 's pretty low ... hehe 
It 's already been pretty good~you can specially invest one or two stocks if you want it to be high , but the risk is also high big~risk is directly proportional to return 
That 's right , I will keep looking then~thanks 
Yes , yes~speculation on stocks is very interesting but also very niggling ...... if you want it to be easy , then you can put the money in funds , merely the return is a little bit lower 
Is there any shipping charge for a box ? 
There is n’t 
Give me another set of vitamins with iron , 
A set of three bottles , is that right ? 
Let me see 
Okay 
Send it to me to take a look after you look at it 
Check the use by date for me =as well 
There is no cheap vitamins with iron online . They cost over 20 . However , they should have them at the target store 
Okay 
I will buy them at the store 
The diapers will arrive at your house on June 8 . Is it too late ? 
It ’s okay 
Is this the one ? 
This one 
Okay . I will go in the afternoon after school 
I can do full days starting from tomorrow 
When are you going ? 
Haha . Thank you 
I ’m not sure . I need to meet two friends to send them off today . I may not have time to come over . If I do , it may be 4:00 or 5:00 
All right 
Will you go tomorrow ? 
Not necessarily 
Not necessarily for tomorrow 
Give me a call back when you have time 
It ’s about the mobile phone plan 
What ’s the matter ? 
I called it by mistake 
I then saw a bunch of your calls 
I can fit in it 
When are you coming ? 
We have changed all the plans under your name 
You need to accept it 
I did n’t receive yours . I only received your friend ’s 
It ’s impossible . My holder received the email 
I asked Anqi . She can upgrade her mobile phone 
She asked AT & T 
Might go home at 6 
Baby have you eaten ? 
What did you eat ? 
I ate 
Not here , I am grading still . It is really hard to grade for this test 
I have finished grading for another teacher long ago ! And this teacher does n't pay for food 
Are you home ? 
Super disgusting 
Disgusting teacher 
Then I will go home first 
Oh 
Stay home and wait for A Mian , hugs 
I do n't understand I will have to grade until when 
I will wait for you either way , hugs 
I am getting annoyed when grading 
Hugs , I will massage for A - Mian , massage 
Classmates said tomorrow there is a dinner party tomorrow night . Do you think I should go ? 
Go if you want to 
How about me ? 
Together ? 
Where to eat ? 
Go then 
ChuangWangfu , on Street 19 
I do n't know 
Is it expensive ? 
Let me ask them 
I think it is more or less the same , should be around 20 
Supposedly 
20 for each ? 
So expensive 
Yes , I have been to Hantang once and it was the same price . Like last Spring Festival , it was 20 as well 
That time was for celebrating the Spring Festival , that 's why I was willing to spend money 
But then , alright . Let 's see it as a celebration of the ending semester 
What time are you going ? Tomorrow ? 
Tomorrow night 
I think it is expensive , too . It is the cost for food for a week 
I can go back now 
Yeah , but then we do n't go out that often at the same time 
Ca n't we eat something cheaper ? 
I just discovered there is a doze that I have n't graded 
It is so annoying 
Hugs , be patient . I have n't cooked yet 
You will eventually finish , hugs 
The 10:30 one 
What time ? 
The one for what time ? 
Oh , okay . I will ask immediately 
Are you in the office ? 
Okay , thank you 
Originally , she asked me to have an interview today but I do n’t have time 
If I had known , I would have made an appointment with her in the afternoon 
I wonder how the discussion between the boss and her went 
Let me ask 
Okay 
When are you coming ? 
Brother Leilei , we do n't have an online bank , 
Can you give me a China Construction Bank number 
OK , wait a bit , I 'm in a meeting , I 'll send you one in a bit .
Brother Leilei , do n't forget to send me the China Construction Bank number 
I am getting ready to go home 
I have n't had lunch , no need to cook a lot 
Will be back in a bit 
Are you going to talk to me or not ? 
I am annoyed 
I am cooking while waiting for you to come back 
Come back fast , dinner is ready 
When will you be back ? 
I have contacted them , it will be at 9 this Saturday 
Let 's talk about other things in specific when I get home 
I originally made the appointment in the afternoon . But he said that there will be too many cars in the afternoon and it wo n't be good for practicing . So I made it in the mooring , 9 is not considered too early 
Um , alright . Hugs 
I forgot to bring a spoon 
Go get some from Starbucks 
Nonsense 
Or if there are stores in the department , they should have spoons 
Really ? Can we take from them ? 
What are you afraid of ? 
Actually the spoons at Starbucks are allowed to be taken ! 
Hot water still has not arrived yet 
Oh ... they still have n't come and have it changed ? 
Like this ? 
How about you go downstairs to have a look ? 
You go downstairs and see if it has been changed 
It is possible 
Has the whole water heater been changed ? 
I heard some noises this morning 
But the water flow is still really small 
Do n't understand if they forgot to switch it on 
I do n't dare to go downstairs . I do n't understand what he had changed , either 
Does n't have to change the cover outside , does it ? 
I think it should be . He bought the whole thing 
He was replacing it with a brand new one 
Then I do n't understand 
Then I do n't understand 
Maybe he forgot to switch it on 
Do not understand 
Grabbed at the department 
I am going to eat 
I think what he replaced was the inner parts 
Replacing the inner parts with brand new ones 
Where did you go pick up spoons ? 
Told you to go to Starbucks 
Then you call them and talk to them again ? Say that they came to fix it in the morning , but we still have n't got hot water 
That 's how it is 
Yes 
Otherwise who knows what 's going on 
Now ? 
I do n't know if they have changed it or not , either 
You just say that we do n't have hot water yet . They said they 'd fix it this morning last night 
Alright , will see later . I am going to eat first 
You do n't have to say that it is not switched on , just say you want them to come over and see what 's going on 
Have you eaten ? 
=I am eating 
Is it delicious ? 
Um 
Is it really delicious ? Does it smell nice ? 
Um 
Hoho 
Let me know after you call 
Alright 
Give me a hug , oh 
Why do n't you hug me voluntarily 
Hugs 
Alright 
Hug me voluntarily more often ! [ emoticon ] 
[ emoticon ] 
I am full 
Hoho , alright [ emoticon ] 
Is there water coming out when you open the tap ? 
Is it hot ? 
Very little water , it is the same as it was last night after it was switched off 
Have n't waited before , let me have a try 
Not hot 
Nobody picked up when I called 
Let 's do it later maybe ? 
That 's all what we can do 
In any case , there are people on duty at night 
Um , so Mianmian go ahead and do your stuff . [ emoticon ] 
Hot water just came 
Ah has Mianmian eaten yet ? 
Not yet , I will eat later 
Remember to eat 
Um , I am going to eat now 
Hugs , I will eat as well 
I deleted it yesterday 
Ca n't find the text message 
Faint ... 
You said you could search for it and get it yesterday 
Did you send any ambiguous messages with other people ? [ emoticon ] 
No , I just remembered that Apple can not be such a rip off 
Actually it is rather humanized , if you can search and get the deleted messages , it means that they can be restored 
If you delete the messages after a long time , that says it wo n't accelerate the space usage unlimitedly 
But then it might be that it had automatically deleted the text messages from the internal memory when you were backing it up , that way it would be have been permanently deleted 
That 's how it is . Alright , Apple is actually good 
Kisses 
I am full , the rice seemed to be a bit too little 
Are you full ? 
I do n't have much here , either . And I might have put too little water 
Is it about the water ? 
It is that I did n't put enough water , that the rice had n't been able to expand 
Is the food tasty ? 
Um 
Is Mianmian 's tummy good now ? Will eat now !!! 
I will go eat now 
Are you full yet ? 
I have n't eaten yet 
Waiting for you 
Why do n't you reply ? 
I did reply 
Why do n't you eat ? 
I am full already 
Was thinking about waiting for you , but took long to see your message 
Have you eaten ? 
[ emoticon ] 
=Not yet , I am eating now 
Hurry and eat . From now on do n't wait for me and just eat . I will have to eat later when I have work to do 
sobbing [ emoticon ] 
What 's wrong ? 
Hurry and eat 
Can not eat with Mianmian anymore 
How come ? The things we eat are the same , it does n't matter if there is a time difference 
I do n't want you to starve . I do n't feel hungry when I am working 
I am not that hungry , so who is eating with you ? 
I always eat by myself 
And if you go late there is a table that you can sit at , if you go there right on time , there will be a lot of people 
That 's how it is . Oh Mianmian does n't have me to be accompanied 
Hugs 
Then I will try to get back early at night 
Alright then , so Mianmian come back early [ emoticon ] 
Brother Fu , be ready to get up .
I just got up ! I am about to wash up ! I will let you know when I am done ! 
Okay . I am at the garage already .
Let ’s go ! 
I 'm sorry I did n't take your call last night , I 'm about to exceed my usage , right ? 
No 
Oh … Is it convenient to give you a call now ? 
Because I changed it , everyone has 1g , before you return to China , I want to summarize your past phone fees 
I 'll send you an email this weekend 
When are you leaving ? 
So you can use 1g per person 
OK , I 'm returning to China on June 4 , coming back in the beginning of August 
I have time after next Tuesday , when the time comes when I need to pay whatever fees , I set up a time with you then .
Is this plan effective beginning now ? 
OK , thanks ! 
No problem , I 'll contact you next week . Good night 
I 'm going to bed , I 'll contact you on the weekend 
Good night 
OK 
Yes 
Beginning May 12 
Been busy these past few days , forgot to tell you 
Good night 
Hellow 
serlin ? 
Hi 
Are you a student at UPenn 
Haha I 'm a student at Notre Dame . How about you ? 
Drexel 
Just call me Na : ) 
University of Notre Dame ? 
Girl , right ? : ) 
University of notre dame 
It is called zhuai [ university | big ] , right ? 
Call me Merry 
Haha . A week ago when I attended a friend 's graduation ceremony at Penn , my friend took us around Philadelphia . I saw your school 
Hi merry : ) 
Your school is well situated 
Yep , next to Penn .
Lots of campuses .
You 're a boy , I think .
What are you studying ? 
Geez .. I 'm a girl .. 
Medicine 
na is Na 
Hahaha 
Great ! 
I 'm a girl too 
Oh ! I 'm studying mechanical engineering 
Na 
I 'm so sad 
I want to confide in you 
Haha hello ! 
I broke up last night : ( 
... 
Ah .. Why ? 
He said he 'd already expected that our relationship would slowly fade after I came to America 
Personality clashes . I do n't get it 
But how long have you been together ? Do you still like him ? 
Not long 
Na 
Do you have a friend who is looking for a girlfriend ? 
Help introduce me ! 
I met him when I was thinking of settling down 
Geez .. 
I did n't know whether the feelings were deep or shallow . I just wanted to settle down ~ 
What kind do you like ? 
Did you ocome to the States because of your boyfriend ? 
No 
My company sent me over to study 
In fact , he and I really would be more suitable as friends 
I can feel it too .
But I still yearn for love 
I do n't want to give up looking for the right person 
Oh ! There 's no need to be too sad then 
Hehe 
Are you an undergraduate or postgraduate student ? 
: ) 
Postgraduate 
Are you willing to help me ? 
I only came over in April 
and the School of Medicine is out on its own in North Philadelphia 
So I have n't come into contact with many people 
Hehe is this your first time in love ? 
Hehe I 'm just afraid that my ability is limited 
I can try 
What are you looking for in a boy ? 
Right now I have to publish articles at the lab . People here are basically all doctors or postdocs , so I ca n't find anyone 〜 This 
Na ? 
The second one 
^ _ ^ 
Reliable and responsible will do 
I seriously want to develop ~ 
I was born in 1990 . I 'm from Guangzhou 
Na , have you thought of anyone ? 
I understand .. Hehe , pretty good ! Sorry merry I 'm on the phone with my parents . I 'll talk to you a bit later ! : ) 
OK . Thank you for your help~ 
This is me~ 
Help me take care of it 
I 'm very serious ... 
Hehe . But everyone I know is a doctor too .. 
and most of them are n't in Philadelphia .. 
By doctor I mean they are married .
^ _ ^ um , OK .
Geez .. Hehe . Do you think you 'd regard a boy 's looks as being important ? 
I know a friend at temple university who 's also in the second year of a Ph . D . program .. 
Yep , it would be best if he was slightly tall , with slightly gentle looks , I like someone with a high nose bridge .
Ha , he does n't have a girlfriend yet 
Thank you Na~ 
Hehe Hard to find 
Do you mean he has trouble finding a girlfriend ? 
You 've just experienced emotional frustration so I think you should take a break to readjust yourself 
Yep , I know .
No .. 
I do n't think he has one now but he 's not very tall .. 
How tall ? 
175 is enough 
Hi honey , I am done with class . Is it convenient for you to pick up the phone ? 
Can I call you later ? I am still in the clinic 
I am sorry , I only saw your message now 
Oh , but I have to do my homework tonight . How about you tell me when you will be free , I will give you a call then ? 
I am sorry . I just saw your message . I came back home late , how about you just call me whenever you are free ? 
Hi I am the girl who bought the mud pressing device and the eggbeater from you . I want to ask if you still have the scales ? 
The scales is still here . But I might only go back to Philadelphia on 5 July , can you wait ? 
Then can any of your roommates help ? It might be a bit too long till July 
Another roommate of mine is not always home , let me ask .
Ok , thank you for your trouble [ emoticon ] 
Come and pick it up at 5 tomorrow afternoon . I have arranged with my classmate 
Ok , thanks . Are you traveling outside ? Have fun 
You are welcome , text me before you go 
Xiaoting , are you doing anything tonight ? Want to go to Karaoke and have dinner ? 
Stella is going home tomorrow ; Shuwei will be going to Canada in a while . I want to organize a get - together for everyone . Can you come ? Families are welcomed 
Oh we will only start singing at 8 , till 11 at Chinatown Langchao . Okay , come over when you are done 
I am sorry , Jiaqi . My phone was on silent mode , I have just seen the text message and the incoming call . Is it tonight ? 
I am not sure if I can make it tonight , because I am at my boyfriend 's relatives ' house in New Jersey . Will only be back after dinner 
Alright , call me if you are coming . Or just say my name , I booked a box 
OK , I will let you know whether I am coming or not .. [ emoticon ] Enjoy yourselves 
Okay 
Jiaqi I am not going to come . I am just back in Philadelphia . You guys have a good time , be safe on the way back 
Oh we will finish at 12 o'clock . You guys do whatever suits you . Okay . You too , happy summer vacation ! 
Where do you live ? 
110 Cheltenham Rd 
Can I contact you late on tomorrow evening ? 
I 'm going to catch crabs in the evening , hehe , is morning ok ? 
Oh ... let 's appoint it later then , I have made an appointment to check beds tomorrow 
Ok 
Hello , will you come to check sofas ? 
Sorry , I 'm too tired and will not go there today .
...... I asked you about tomorrow , haha , it 's so late today , you can contact me when you want to check them 
Ok , thank you so much . It 's mainly because that I checked the place you live and I did n't know how to get there ...... so I ca n't plan when to go there 
Oh , do you just come here ? You do n't have GPS , it 's next to the west of the school , hehe , you will know it when you are familiar with this place 
Ok , ok 
